When Recorded Return to:
Quadrant Homes ‘
Attn; Sales Lien Coordinator FIRST JINEEICEN ITg`g%%®INS 2 0908250117
14725 SE 20**100-0000 200 itiréiirttirritzfirrmg,     1 or 4
Bellevue WA 90009 Illlllll lllllllllllll IllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllllllllll lll Illlllllll llllllll o
F.A.T.C.O.
l l ggce
_ DECLARATION OF LIEN RIGHTS
Grantor: 1) Ivan Castilleja 2) Samantha Castillea
I] Additional on page i
Grantee: 1) Quadrant Homes 2)
EI Additional on page 1
L ID . t, _ LOT 19, STENDAHL RIDGE, DIVISION 2 PLAT, ACCORDING
°g“ °‘°"l’ ‘°“· TO THE PLAT THEREOF, RECORDED NovE1v1EER 7, 2007 IN
VOLUME 32 OF PLATS, PAGES 141 THROUGH 145,
INCLUSIVE, RECORDS OF KITSAP COUNTY, WASHINGTON.
Additional on : N/A
A000000r’0 T0¤ P0r00¤ ID #=  
Reference Nos. of Documents Released or Assigned:   ' 0 gi-0  /5/
Nor1cE Is HEREBY GIVEN that, pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement by and
between Grantor and Grantee dated as of O4/Ot/09 (the “Purchase Agreement"), this Declaration
of Lien Rights is made by the undersigned against certain property located in Kitsap County as
more speciiically described above and incorporated by this reference (the “Property").
Grantor has agreed that the Property shall be used as Grantor’s primary residence for one
calendar year immediately following the date of recording of the deed conveying the Property to
Grantor (the "Occupancy Milestone"). Grantor has also agreed that if Grantor does not use the
property as Grantor's primary residence until the Occupancy Milestone, then Grantee shall have a
valid and perfected lien upon the Property in an amount equal to: (i) in the case of a sale or other
transfer of fee title to the Property, the amount of the appreciation of the Property since the date on
which Grantor acquired title to the Property, or (ii) in the case of a lease or other occupancy
agreement (a "Lease"), the greater of: (a) the actual rent or economic consideration, or (b) fair
market rental value of the Property (in either case, "Rent") payable to or for the benetit of Grantor
during the term of the Lease. For purposes of these provisions, the term "appreciation" shail mean
the difference between (i) the fair market value of the Property at the time of Grantor’s transfer

200908260117 08/26/2009 01:19:11 PIVI Page 2 of 4
thereof, less customary costs of such transfer, and the consideration paid by Grantor to Grantee to
acquire the Property. The foregoing amounts are collectively referred to herein as the "Community
Preservation Lien", which in no case shall be less than $25,000.00. The Community Preservation
Lien shall be inchoate upon recording of this Declaration of Lien Rights.
lf Grantor does not occupy the Property as Grantor’s primary residence until the
Occupancy Milestone, the Community Preservation Lien shall be automatically executing,
automatically perfected, and relate back to the recording of this Declaration of Lien Rights upon the
earlier of: (i) one day prior to a transfer of any legal or beneficial interest in or to the Property from
Grantor to any other person or entity except any transfer by Grantor: (a) to a family trust controlled
by the Grantor; (b) made by Grantor’s estate, surviving spouse or child upon the death of any
Grantor; (c) of a security interest granted to a licensed and regulated institutional lender pursuant
to a deed of trust or upon foreclosure of such security interest; (d) where the spouse of Grantor
becomes the only co-owner of the Property; (e) relating to a decree of dissolution of marriage or
legal separation, or property settlement agreement relating thereto; (f) necessary to accommodate
a job transfer required by Grantor’s employer (not including Grantor if Grantor is self-employed); (g)
necessitated by a medical or financial emergency, proof of which has been delivered to Grantee
and has been approved by Grantee in its reasonable discretion, or (h) necessitated by another
"hardship" situation, proof of which has been delivered to Grantee and has been approved by
Grantee in its reasonable discretion, or (ii) the date on which Grantor ceases to use the Property as
Grantor’s primary residence.
This Declaration of Lien Rights and the Community Presenration Lien shall at all times be
and remain subordinate to any security interest granted by Grantor to any licensed and regulated
institutional lender in connection with the purchase of the Property, and to any refinance of the
obligation secured by such security interest. The Community Preservation Lien may be foreclosed
by Grantee in the same manner as foreclosure of a deed of trust pursuant to Revised Code of
Washington Title 61, Chapter 24. Grantee shall be entitled to collect all reasonable attorneys’ fees
and costs incurred by Grantee in enforcing and foreclosing this Lien.
Should the Grantor continuously use the Property as the Grantor’s primary residence until
expiration of the Occupancy Milestone, upon such expiration this Declaration of Lien Rights and
Community Preservation Lien shall automatically terminate and be released.
Exrzcurizo as of the day and year Hrst above written.
QUADRANT HOMES, Grantee
By   u
Name BreAnn Cline
Its Regional Sales Operations Manager

200908260117 08/26/2009 01:19:11 PIVI Page 3 of 4
Reviewed, Acknowledge Accepted
By ` /
ame
Grantor
Revie ed Acknowledgedand Accepted
By
Name
Grantor
STATE OF WASHINGTON
ss.
COUNTY OF KING
On this day personally appeared before me BreAnn Cline, to me known to be the
individual described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged
such instrument to be the free and voluntary act and deed of such corporation, for the
uses and purposes therein mentioned, and on oath stated that he@ was duly authorized
to execute such instrument.
G1 N NDER MY HAND AND OFFICIAL SEAL this Qfigb day of
K , 2009i
*    n
-L··¢•··i-4-’-/x.A..., \   v_ F   a ` //  
rii=.=rii·:·i iti.iac·>.;ti-saoww t Prints    slinnn  nn  
‘ NO?/4l,{IgY PUBUC  •"·`§ PUB  d for the  t ie of Washington, residing at
sms or vmsuiwerom Ma in Bih-
coisiuisssou sxpmias My 0¤ Si  ~ ww!}
n¢iA¤ci·r 9 gsm

200908260117 08/26/2009 01:19:11 PIVI Page 4 of 4
STATE OF WASHINGTON
I ss.
COUNTY OF K FTSE
F
On this day personally appeared before me 1;/ (jg; CQS   | I { C  A ,
to me known to be the individual described in and who executed the within and fo going
instrument, and acknowledged that he/she/they signed the same as his/her/their tree and
voluntary act and deed, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.
GIVEN UNDER MY HAND AND OFFICIAL SEAL this 2 Lim day of
{ 1 t L.? y mg; , 2005
E Notary Public Pdmed Na   5 ;
stm gt washington NOTARY PUBLIC in and fo th State of Washington,
M/mv me Powsn residing at  
My Appointment Expires Oct 8, 2012 My Commission Expires ( Q · Q ·g Q:
STATE OF WASHINGTON
ss.
COUNTY OF ;l{,i:Li{if
On this day personally appeared before me  
to me known to be the individual described in and who executed the within and foregoing
instrument, and aclmowledged that he/she/they signed the same as his/her/their tree and
voluntary act and deed, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.
GIVEN UNDER MY HAND AND OFFICIAL SEAL this Q H (Uday of
éittgypgg ,2003.
_ ~ · %{ [ |@% clan, pair/V
` Notary Public l Timed Nam
State of W¤Shl¤ct¤¤ NOTARY PUBLIC in and for State of Washington,
MARY JANE POWER residing at SS E lg gg Q é 1 S
My Appointment Expires Oct 8, 2012 My Commission Expires [ O, E -{ 2

