TER RECORDING RETURN TO
FIDEl§.llTY NATIONAL TITLE COMPANY
Customer/Note No: 46827 - 441
After Recording Return to: Farm Credit Services - Roseburg
2222 Northwest Kline Street
PO Box 1490
Roseburg, OR 97470-0356
Deed of Trust
On April 3, 2008, The Hogan Family Partnership, a partnership consisting of Walter B. Hogan, Michael R. Hogan;
Michael R. Hogan, a married person dealing in his/her separate property; Walter B. Hogan, a married person dealing
in his/her separate property, hereinafter called Grantors, whose address is
PO Box 458
Myrtle Point, OR 97458
grant, convey, warrant, transfer and assign to Fidelity National Title, a corporation, hereinafter called Trustee, whose
address is 215 Curtis Ave, Coos Bay, OR 97420-0037, in trust with power of sale for the benefit of Northwest Fann
Credit Services, FLCA, a corporation organized under the Farm Credit Act of 1971, as amended, hereinafter called
Beneficiary, whose address is 1700 South Assembly Street, P.O. Box 2515, Spokane, Washington 99220-2515,
property in Coos County(ies), State of Oregon, more particularly described as follows:
Parcel 1:
The West half of the Northwest quarter, the Southeast quarter of the Northwest quarter, and the Northwest quarter of
the Southwest quarter of Section 32, Township 29 South, Range 10 West of the Willamette Meridian, Coos County,
Oregon.
ALSO: The Northwest quarter of the Northeast quarter, the South half of the Northeast quarter, and the Northeast
quarter of the Northwest quarter of Section 32, Township 29 South, Range 10 West of the Willamette Meridian,
Coos County, Oregon.
Parcel 2:
The North half of Lot 2, and all of Lots 11 and 12 on the East side of the Middle Fork of the Coquille River in
Section 30, Township 29 South, Range 10 West of the Willamette Meridian, Coos Cotmty, Oregon.
Parcel 3:
The Northwest quarter of the Southeast quarter of Section 31, Township 28 South, Range 10 West of the Willamette
Meridian, Coos County, Oregon.
Parcel 4:
The Northwest quarter of the Southwest quarter of Section 31, Township 28 South, Range 10 West of the Willamette
Meridian, Coos County, Oregon.
Parcel 5:
Lot 1 of Section 4, Township 29 South, Range 13 West of the Willamette Meridian, Coos County, Oregon.
Deed Of Trust (46827-441)
1
COOS COUNTY CLERK OREGON TOTAL $56 00 04/04/2008
J · #2008-3574
TERRI L. TURI. CCC. COUNTY CLERK O2 ; 05PM 1 Op 7

COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOT/¥\L $56 . OO 04/ 04/ 2008 #2008-5574
TERRI L. TURT , CCC, COUNTY CLERK 02:05PM 2 OF 7
Parcel 6:
The Northwest quarter of the Southwest quarter of Section 34, Township 28 South, Range 13 West of the Willamette
Meridian, Coos County, Oregon.
Parcel 7:
The Northeast quarter of the Southeast quarter and Government Lot 4 of Section 33, Township 28 South, Range 13
West of the Willamette Meridian, Coos County, Oregon.
Tax Account No.: T29R10S0 5700 A#l0789.00; T29R10SO 5400 A#10790.00; T29Rl0S30 400 A#10777.01;
T28R10S0 6600 A#8095.00; T28R10S0 6800 A#8093.00; T29R13S4 100 A#1l780.00; T28Rl3S34 800
A#9337.00; T28Rl3S33 1100 A#9333.00;
and including all rents, issues, profits, buildings and improvements thereon and in all tenements, hereditaments,
rights, privileges, easements, rights of way and appurtenances, (including without limitation private roads, grazing
privileges, water rights, ditches and conduits and rights of way therefor, all plumbing, lighting, heating, cooling,
ventilating, elevating, and irrigating apparatus and other equipment and fixtures, now or hereafter belonging to or
used in connection therewith), all of which is hereinafter called the "Property."
The following described Note(s), Membership Agreements, security documents and any other documents or
instrrunents signed in cormection with the note(s) and security documents and any amendments thereto are
collectively called the "Loan Documents." "Advances" shall include any amounts provided to Grantors under the
terms ofthe Loan Documents and any amounts expended by Beneficiary to protect the Property or enforce its rights
under the Loan Documents. This conveyance is intended to secure performance of the covenants and agreements
contained herein, and in any Loan Documents, and payment of the indebtedness under the terms of the Note(s) made
by Grantors to the order of Beneficiary, with interest and charges as provided therein and in the Loan Documents,
and any extensions, modifications or renewals thereof
DATE OF NOTE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT FINAL INSTALLMENT DATE
April 3, 2008 $ 458,000.00 May 1, 2033
The terms of the Note(s) and Loan Documents, described above, provide that the interest rate, payment terms or
amounts due may be indexed, adjusted, renewed or renegotiated.
Grantors and each of them REPRESENT, WARRANT, COVENANT and AGREE:
1. That they have title to the Property free from encumbrances, except as described above, they have good right and
lawful authority to convey and encumber the same; they will warrant and defend the same forever against the
lawful claims and demands of all persons whomsoever; and they agree this covenant shall not be extinguished by
foreclosure or other transfers. Grantors authorize Beneficiary to file a financing statement and any continuations
thereof, describing any personal property or fixtures described herein, without further signature by Grantor.
2. That this deed of trust also constitutes a Security Agreement granting Beneficiary a security interest in any and all
personal property described above.
3. To keep all buildings and other improvements, now or hereafter existing, in good repair; not to remove or
demolish or permit the removal or demolition of any building or other improvement; to restore promptly in a
good and workmanlike manner, any building or improvement, which may be damaged or destroyed; to maintain
and cultivate the Property in a good and husbandlike manner; not to change or perrrrit change in the use of the
Property; and not to do anything which would reduce the value of the Property; and Beneficiary shall have the
right to enter upon the Property to make full inspection of the Property.
4. To maintain casualty insurance, naming Beneficiary as loss payee, on all buildings and improvements, against
loss or damage by fire or other risks; to maintain liability insurance; to obtain flood insurance at any time it is
determined that any building or irrrprovement is located, in whole or in part, within a special flood hazard area; to
pay all premiums and charges on all such insurance when due; and to provide Beneficiary satisfactory evidence of
such insurance upon request. All such insurance shall be in such form(s), with such company(ies) and in such
amount(s) as shall be satisfactory to Beneficiary.
5. To pay all debts and money, secured hereby, when due; to pay, when due, all taxes, assessments, rents and other
charges upon the Property and to suffer no other enctunbrance, charge or lien on the Property, which would be
superior to this deed of trust, except as stated above.
6. To specifically assign and deliver to Beneficiary all rents, royalties, damages and payments of every kind,
including without limitation insurance reimbursements and condemnation awards, at any time accruing, for any
transfer, loss or seizure of the Property, any portion thereof or any rights therein; Beneficiary may, at its option,
apply such amounts in any proportion to any of the indebtedness hereby seemed; and application or release of
Deed Of Trust (46827-441)
2

COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOT/—\L $56. OO 04/ 04/ 2008 #2008-3374
such amounts shall not cure or waive any default or notice of default or invalidate any act done pursuant to such
notice.
7. To comply with all laws, ordinances, regulations, covenants, conditions and restrictions affecting the Property
and its use, including without limitation all environmental laws; not to use or permit the use of the Property for
any unlawful or objectionable purpose or for any purpose that poses an rmreasonable risk of harm, or that impairs
or may impair the value of the Property, or any part thereof not to apply residue from waste water treatment
facilities to the Property without prior written notice to Beneficiary; to remedy any environmental contamination
or violation of environmental laws that may occur or be discovered in the future; to allow Beneficiary access to
the Property to inspect its condition and to test and monitor for compliance with applicable laws (any inspections
or tests made by Beneficiary shall be for Beneficiary's purposes only and shall not be construed to create any
responsibility or liability on the part of Beneficiary to Grantors or to any other person); to forward copies of any
notices received from any environmental agencies to Beneficiary; to provide Beneficiary copies of any
independent test or inspection reports on the enviromnental status of the Property; and to inderrmify and hold
Beneficiary, its directors, employees, agents and its successors and assigns, harmless from and against any
enviromnental claims of any kind, and all costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith, including, without
limitation, attomey's fees.
8. That neither Grantors nor, to the best of Grantors' knowledge, any prior owner has created or permitted
conditions on the Property, which may give rise to enviromnental liability; no enforcement actions are pending or
threatened; no underground tanks are located on the Property except as already disclosed; any such underground
tanks currently or previously located on the Property do not now and never have leaked and no contaminated soil
is located on the Property; and Grantor’s representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities herein and in the
Loan Documents shall survive satisfaction of the Note(s) and Loan Doctunents, foreclosure of this deed of trust,
acceptance of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or any transfer or abandornnent of the Property.
9. To perform all terms and conditions of each water or other contract, described above, if any, and to promptly
pay all sums due or to become due imder each contract so that no delinquency or default will occur under such
contract(s); not to apply or enter into any federal, state or local program which limits or restricts the use of the
Property, in any way without prior written consent of Beneficiary; to perform all acts necessary to perfect and
maintain any water permit, certificate, license or other water interest, however designated, described in or used
in conjunction with the real property described above; any assignment of any such interest during the term of
this deed of trust, naming Beneficiary as an assignee shall be for security pruposes and shall not alter Grantors’
obligations hereunder; and any failure of Grantors to perform any such obligation shall constitute an event of
default.
10. That the term "Grazing Rights," as hereinafter used refers to that portion of the Property, if any, consisting of
grazing leases, permits, licenses, privileges, and preferences, or any of them, which have or will be assigned,
conveyed or waived to Trustee or Beneficiary, together with any additions, renewals, replacements or
substitutions thereof; if any portion of the Grazing Rights is a leasehold interest in state lands, such leasehold
shall be considered to be real property; such leasehold and all other real property portions of the Property
constitute a single operating unit; and in the event of foreclosure, Beneficiary shall have the right to have such
leasehold and the other real property sold as a unit and not in parcels; any statements and representations in any
applications for Grazing Rights are true and correct; Grantors have received no notice that the Grazing Rights
have or are to be terminated, cancelled or modified; and any termination or cancellation of any of the Grazing
Rights shall constitute an event of default under this deed of trust.
11. To execute any instrrunent deemed necessary by the Beneficiary to assign, convey or waive such Grazing Rights
to the Trustee; to pay all fees and charges, and to perform all acts and things necessary to preserve and keep in
good standing the Grazing Rights; to take no action which would adversely affect the Grazing Rights; to procure
renewals of the Grazing Rights upon or prior to their expiration date; to operate the lands covered by the
Grazing Rights in conjunction with the other real estate portion of the Property and not to convey or attempt to
convey either separately; to forward to Beneficiary copies of any notices received by Grantors regarding the
Grazing Rights; and in the event of foreclosure of this deed of trust, to waive all claims for preference in the
Grazing Rights upon demand from the purchaser of the Property at Trustee’s or foreclosure sale, or from any
successor to such purchaser.
12. That if the Property is within an irrigation block and/or subject to water service contract(s) governed by the
provisions of "Federal reclamation law," and the regulations issued thereunder, Grantors shall comply with the
terms and provisions of said laws, regulations and contracts; Grantors, and each of them, for themselves, their
heirs, successors and assigns, hereby appoint Beneficiary their attomey-irr—fact to select and designate the
portion of the property to be subject to a recordable contract, in the event Grantors become subject to the excess
land limitation; if Grantors fail to comply with the terms of said law, regulations or contracts, or if the delivery
of water for the irrigation of the Property is discontinued in whole or in part, Grantors shall be in default; in the
event the Bureau of Reclamation determines that continued drainage maintenance on the Property is no longer
feasible, and Grantors pruchase other lands offered as a preference purchase right (as an adjustment for
wetlands), Grantors shall execute a supplemental deed of trust on such lands in favor of the Beneficiary; and
failure to execute such deed of trust on demand, shall constitute an event of default.
Deed Of Trust (46827-441)
3

COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $56 . OO 04/ 04/ 2008 #2008-$374
13. That in the event of default in any of the covenants or agreements herein, or in any of the Loan Documents,
Beneficiary may, at its option, perform the same, in whole or in part; any advances, attorney fees or costs, paid
or incurred by Beneficiary to protect or enforce its rights under the Loan Documents, in bankruptcy, appellate
proceedings or otherwise, shall be payable on demand and shall become a part of the obligation secured by this
deed of trust.
14. That the indebtedness and obligations secured by this deed of trust are personal to the Grantors and are not
assignable by Grantors; Beneficiary relied upon the credit of Grantors, the interest of Grantors in the Property
and the financial market conditions then existing when making this loan; if Grantors sell, transfer or convey or
contract to sell, transfer or convey the Property, or any portion thereof, or if the ownership of any corporation or
partnership, owning all or any portion of the Property shall be changed either by voluntary or involuntary sale or
transfer or by operation of law, without prior written consent of Beneficiary, or if Grantors default in the
payment of the indebtedness, or with respect to any warranty, covenant or agreement in the Loan Documents or
if a receiver or trustee for any part of the Property is appointed, or if any proceedings under the bankruptcy or
insolvency laws is commenced by or against Grantors, or if Grantors become insolvent, or if any action is
cornrnenced to foreclose or enforce a lien on any portion of the Property, then, Grantors shall be in default
hereunder.
15. That time is of the essence and in the event of default, at Beneficiary's option, the entire indebtedness secured
hereby shall forthwith become due and payable and bear interest at the rate set forth in the Loan Documents for
delinquent payments; Beneficiary shall have the right to foreclose the lien of this deed of trust or to direct
Trustee, in writing, to foreclose this deed of trust by notice and sale, to have a receiver appointed in any court
proceeding, to collect any rents, issues and profits from the Property and to deliver them to Beneficiary to be
applied as provided above and to exercise any rights and remedies available under the Uniform Commercial
Code for the state in which the property is located; and reasonable notice if required by such Code shall be five
(5) days.
16. That Beneficiary may from time to time, in writing and without firrther notice or consent, release any person
from liability for payment of any of the indebtedness or extend the time or otherwise alter the terms of payment
of any of the indebtedness; and Trustee may, with written consent of Beneficiary, at any time and from time to
time, and without affecting the liability of any person:
a. Join in any subordination or other agreement affecting this deed of trust or lien or charge thereof.
b. Reconvey, without warranty, any or all of the Property.
17. That after all sums secured hereby have been paid, upon receipt of the deed of trust and note and payment of its
fees, Trustee shall reconvey without warranty the Property, as provided by law. The grantee in such
reconveyance may be described as "the person or persons legally entitled thereto."
18. That, in the event of foreclosure of this deed of trust by notice and sale, the power of sale shall be exercised by
the Trustee according to and under the authority of the law pertaining to deeds of trust then in effect in the state
in which the Property is situated; Trustee shall deliver to purchaser its deed, without warranty, containing
recitals demonstrating compliance with the requirements of such law.
19. To surrender possession of such premises within the time period provided by law; in the event Beneficiary is
purchaser of the Property and possession is not delivered, as provided by law, to pay Beneficiary the costs and
the expenses, including reasonable attorney fees, incurred in any suit or action by Beneficiary to obtain
possession of the premises.
20. That Trustee accepts this trust when this deed, duly executed an acknowledged is recorded as provided by law;
any Trustee lawfully appointed by Beneficiary as a substitute or successor Trustee shall succeed to all the
powers and duties of the Trustee named herein; Trustee is not obligated to notify any party hereto of the
pending sale under any other deed of trust or any action or proceeding in which Grantors, Trustee, or
Beneficiary shall be a party unless such action or proceeding is brought by Trustee.
21. That as used herein, the term "deed of trust" shall be synonymous with the terms "trust indenture" and "trust
deed"; the term "Grantors" shall be synonymous with the term "Trustors" as used in any of the laws of the state
in which the Property is situated; the term "Beneficiary" shall mean the holder and owner of any Note secured
hereby, or if any Note(s) has been pledged, the pledgee thereof.
22. That the failure of Beneficiary to exercise any right or option provided herein, at any time shall not preclude
Beneficiary from exercising any of such rights at any other time; the covenants and agreements contained herein
shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, successors and assigns; all
rights conferred on Beneficiary or on Trustee are cumulative and additional to any rights conferred by law; and
if any provision is found to be invalid or rmenforceable, such invalidity or unerrforceability shall not affect any
other provision hereof and the deed of trust shall be construed as though such provision had been omitted.
23. That Grantors and each of them join in this instrument for the purpose of subjecting each of their right, title and
interest, if any, in the Property, whether of record or otherwise and including any right to possession, to the lien
of this deed of trust.
Deed Of Trust (46827-441)
4

C COOS COUNTY CLERK OREGON TOTAL $56 OO 00/04/2003 #200
’ - 8-3574
24. That Grantors warrant that Grant0rs’ chief executive office is located in the State of Oregon; Grantors' state of
residence is the State of Oregon and Grantors' exact legal names are as set forth in the first paragraph of this
Deed of Trust.
The Hogan Family Partnership, a partnership
By: Michael R. Hogan, Partner
. » 0/ A
By:   6 {M7? ¤ ·é—·”/QZCT .
Walter B. Hogan, his/her attorney-in-fact.   rh
0 RQ
By:   ·
alter B. Hogan, Partn
Waltei B. Hogan
LW cr/—w9·i¢ é iw /¤/ A
Michael R. Hogan
’‘’’ T ··“ 4 -
By: 44 ;_{   ; 2/09   V\  
Walter B. Hogan, his/her ey-in—fact.
STATE or { Q
)ss.
County of
On this Q day of ( g ¢ 2f 1 I ,  , before me personally
appeared Walter B. Hogan, to me known to b a partner in the partnership which executed the
within instrument, and acknowledged that he/she executed the same as one of the partners and in
the partnership name freely and voluntarily.
Printed name Z r T      
Notary Public for the State of
_ OFFICI Residing at
e m  » T wéféét My <=<>mmis 
  NorA¤=wr¤uBLuc-onzeow
ni, COMMTSSION NO. A40569]
MY comm ssseuu Expmss Jurv 9, 2010
Deed Of Trust (46827-441)
5

COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $56 . OO OAI/OLI/2008 #20085574
TERRT L. TURI, CCC, COUNTY CLERK OZZOEPN L 6 OF 7
STATE OF
)ss.
County of     I
On this ji day of géf» CY ,   before me personally
appeared Walter B. Hogan, to me known to be the person who executed the within instrument as
the attorney-in-fact of Michael R. Hogan, to me known to be a partner in the partnership which
executed the within instrument, and acknowledged that he/she executed the same as one of the
partners a.nd in the partnership name freely and voluntarily.
,w,. ¤»=»=»c¤AL SEAL P"i“t°d mm?  
  NOT F; EJJEEIEIEORREGO Notary Public for the State of
·==·.*fc*¤ A ` . ‘ - N - -
  tvontemasseom No. A40569I Rcsldmg at
__wEtJ_II·IggIs_:§ge§,tg<_j§_1:IjEs JULY 9, 2010 My commission expires         K  
STATE OF { 2 E I
)ss.
County of Q    I
On this Q day of Q gn I   before me personally
appeared Walter B. Hogan, to me known to be t e person(s) described in and who executed the
within instrument, and acknowledged that he/she executed the same as his/her free act and deed.
lnazk OFFICIAL SEAL Printed ngyng L
  NOW; Eg-ll5’§_!§3E£EG0N Notary Public for the State of
  CCBNIMI&SSIONPNE;§%SA}G?-ig?gm0 Regldmg at
NIV COWEEFQEE i·. I PYEFLL ’ My commission expires "  "/ O
STATE OF {   I
)ss.
County of S       I
On this 9 day of   L}!   before me, personally
appeared Walter B. Hogan, to me known to b the person who executed the within instrument as
the attomey—in-fact of Michael R. Hogan, and acknowledged to me that he/she subscribed the
name of Michael R Hogan thereto as principal and his/her own name as attomey-in-fact, freely
and voluntarily, and on oath stated that the Power of Attorney authorizing the execution of said
instrument has not been revoked and that the said Michael R Hogan is now living.
Printed name TT`;
T QFFICIAL sm. Notary Public for the State of O
?    TUCKER ‘ ‘
'   i' Ncrraig ¤uBLIG—OREGON R¤S1dmg at _ _
{ff commnssaow I~1o.A405691 My commission expires Q"? ;  Z  
in MY 00ImvIIssI0N Exmnas JULY 9, 2010
Deed Of Trust (46827-441)
6

COOS COUNTY CLER|<r. OREGON TOTAL $56 . OO 04/ 04/ 2008 #2008-5574
TERRI L. TURl , CCC, COUNTY CLERK O2 : 05PM 7 OE 7
Beneficiary acknowledges that this deed of trust is subject to a security interest in favor of CoBank, ACB (Bank) and
by its acceptance hereof and pursuant to and in confirmation of certain agreements and assignments by and between
Beneficiary and Bank, does assign, transfer and set over the same unto Bank, its successors and assigns, to secure all
obligations of Beneficiary to Bank, provided that pursuant to such agreements and assignments Beneficiary has
authority to perform all loan servicing and collection actions and activities hereunder, including without limitation
thereto, releasing in whole or in part and foreclosing judicially or otherwise this deed of trust until the Bank, by
instrument recorded in the office in which this deed of trust is recorded, revokes such authority.
Deed Of Trust (46827-441)
7

