COOSCOUNTY CLERK OREGON TOTAL $66 00
- · - 04/08/2008 #2008-51+92
" RE-RECORD
 
After R€¢OI'dI¤S ROLUIII LO! THIS DOCUMENT IS BEING RE—RECORDED TO CORRECT
Wells Fargv Balak, N·A· THE PRTORITY. THIS TRUST DEED IS TO BE RECORDED
1000 B]-ue Gentlan ROM IN SECOND POSITION AFTER THE TRUSTEDEED IN
Eagan, MN 55121 1=AvoR OF WELLS FARco BANK, N.A.
THIS INSTRUMENT WAS PREVIOUSLY RECORDED 3731708
ON INSTRUMENT NUMBER 2008-3151
L/'7· T-/d 7/
AFTER RECORDING
RETURN TO
`Ncor Title Insurance
300 West Anderson Ave - Box 1075
Coos Bay, OR 97420-0233
[Space Above This Line For Recording Data]
State of Oregon FHA Case No.431-4384684 952
ADJUSTABLE RATE HOME EOUITY
CONVERSION LINE OF CREDIT SECOND DEED OF TRUST
THIS DEED OF TRUST ("Security Instrument" or "Second Security Instrument") is made
on 03/25/08 . The grantor is
JEANNIE M LEWIS, A SINGLE PERSON
whose address is I
310 HARBOR VIEW DRIVE, COOS BAY, OR 97420
("Borrower"). The trustee is FIDELITY NATIONAL TITLE INS CO ("Trustee"). The beneficiary is
the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, whose address is 451 Seventh Street, S.W.,
Washington, DC 20410 ("Lender" or "Secretary"). Borrower has agreed to repay to Lender amounts
which Lender is obligated to advance, including future advances, under the terms of a Home Equity
Conversion Loan Agreement dated the same date as this Security Instrument ("Loan Agreement").
The agreement to repay is evidenced by Borrower’s Note dated the same date as this Security
Instrument ("Second Note"). This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment of the
debt evidenced by the Second Note, with interest at a rate subject to adjustment, and all renewals,
extensions and modifications of the Note, up to a maximum principal
THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED FORTY AND 00/100
(U.S. $ **********300,240·00 );(b) the payment of all other sums, with interest, advanced under
Paragraph 5 to protect the security of this Security Instrument or otherwise due under the terms of
this Security Instrument; and (c) the performance of Borrower’s covenants and agreements under
this Security Instrument and the Second Note. The full debt, including amounts described in (al, (b),
and (c) above, if not paid earlier, is due and payable on NOVEMBER 28'1'H ,2094 . For this
purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the
following described property located in COOS County, Oregon:
0084835545
NMFL# 8811OR IoNoR> Rev. 05/08/2006
84XB : O2/O2 Page 1 of 8
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66.00 05/51/2008 #2008-5151

COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66.00 OA/08/2008 #2008 5492
SEE ATTACHED
which has the address of 310 HARBOR VIEW DRIVE ,
[Street]
COOS BAY I OR 97420 ("Property Address");
[City] [State] [Zip Code]
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all
easements, rights, appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All
replacements and additions shall also be covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is
referred to in this Security Instrument as the "Property."
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby conveyed and
has the right to grant and convey the Property and that the Property is only encumbered by a First
Security Instrument given by Borrower and dated the same date as this Security Instrument ("First
Security Instrument"). Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against
all claims and demands, subject to any encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non—uniform
covenants with limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering
real property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal and Interest. Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and Interest
on, the debt evidenced by the Second Note.
2. Payment of Property Charges. Borrower shall pay all property charges consisting of taxes,
ground rents, flood and hazard insurance premiums, and special assessments in a timely manner,
and shall provide evidence of payment to Lender, unless Lender pays property charges by
withholding funds from monthly payments due to the Borrower or by charging such payments to a
line of credit as provided for in the Loan Agreement. Lender may require Borrower to pay specified
property charges directly to the party owed payment even though Lender pays other property
charges as provided in this Paragraph.
3. Fire, Flood and Other Hazard Insurance. Borrower shall insure all improvements on the
Property, whether now in existence or subsequently erected, against any hazards, casualties, and
contingencies, including fire. This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts, to the extent and
for the periods required by Lender. Borrower shall also insure all improvements on the Property,
whether now in existence or subsequently erected, against loss by floods to the extent required by
Lender. The insurance policies and any renewals shall be held by Lender and shall include loss
payable clauses in favor of, and in a form acceptable to, Lender.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give Lender immediate notice by mail. Lender may make
proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrower. Each insurance company concerned is hereby
authorized and directed to make payment for such loss to Lender instead of to Borrower and Lender
jointly. Insurance proceeds shall be applied to restoration or repair of the damaged Property, if the
restoration or repair is economically feasible and Lender’s
12XA ; osxev Page 2
COOS COUNTY CLERK. OREGON TOTAL $66.00 05/51/2008 #2008-5151

COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66.00 RERECORD OA/08/2008 #2008—3il92
TERRI L. TURI, CCC, COUNTY CLERK 0l:A5PM 3 OF 9
security is not lessened. If the restoration or repair is not economically feasible or Lender’s security
would be lessened, the insurance proceeds shall be applied first to the reduction of any
indebtedness under the Second Note and this Security Instrument. Any excess insurance proceeds
over an amount required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the Second Note and this
Security Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto. In the event of foreclosure of
this Security Instrument or other transfer of title to the Property that extinguishes the indebtedness,
all right, title and interest of Borrower in and to insurance policies in force shall pass to the
purchaser.
4. Occupancy, Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Borrower’s Loan
Application; Leaseholds. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower’s
principal residence after the execution of this Security Instrument, and Borrower (or at least one
Borrower, if initially more than one person are Borrowers) shall continue to occupy the Property as
Borrower’s principal residence for the term of the Security Instrument. "Principal residence" shall
have the same meaning as in the Loan Agreement.
Borrower shall not commit waste or destroy, damage or substantially change the Property or
allow the Property to deteriorate, reasonable wear and tear excepted. Borrower shall also be in
default if Borrower, during the loan application process, gave materially false or inaccurate
information or statements to Lender (or failed to provide Lender with any material information) in
connection with the loan evidenced by the Note, including, but not limited to, representations
concerning Borrower’s occupancy of the Property as a principal residence. If this Security
Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply with the provisions of the lease. lf Borrower
acquires fee title to the Property, the leasehold and fee title shall not be merged unless Lender
agrees to the merger in writing.
5. Charges to Borrower and Protection of Lender’s Rights in the Property. Borrower shall
pay all governmental or municipal charges, fines and impositions that are not included in Paragraph
2. Borrower shall pay these obligations on time directly to the entity which is owed the payment. lf
failure to pay would adversely affect Lender’s interest in the Property, upon Lender’s request
Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender receipts evidencing these payments. Borrower shall
promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument in the manner provided
in Paragraph 12(c).
If Borrower fails to make these payments or the property charges required by Paragraph 2,
or fails to perform any other covenants and agreements contained in this Security Instrument, or
there is a legal proceeding that may significantly affect Lender’s rights in the Property (such as a
proceeding in bankruptcy, for condemnation or to enforce laws or regulations), then Lender may do
and pay whatever is necessary to protect the value of the Property and Lender’s rights in the
Property, including payment of taxes, hazard insurance and other items mentioned in Paragraph 2.
To protect Lender’s security in the Property, Lender shall advance and charge to Borrower
all amounts due to the Secretary for the Mortgage Insurance Premium as defined in the Loan
Agreement as well as all sums due to the loan servicer for servicing activities as defined in the Loan
Agreement. Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this Paragraph shall become an additional debt
of Borrower as provided for in the Loan Agreement and shall be secured by this Security
Instrument.
6. Inspection. Lender or its agent may enter on, inspect or make appraisals of the Property
in a reasonable manner and at reasonable times provided that Lender shall give the Borrower notice
prior to any inspection or appraisal specifying a purpose for the inspection or appraisal which must
be related to Lender’s interest in the Property. lf the property is vacant or abandoned or the loan is
in default, Lender may take reasonable action to protect and preserve such vacant or abandoned
Property without notice to the Borrower.
7. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential,
in connection with any condemnation or other taking of any part of the Property, or for conveyance
in place of condemnation shall be paid to Lender. The proceeds shall be applied first to the
reduction of any indebtedness under a Second Note and this Security Instrument. Any excess
proceeds over an amount required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the Second Note and
this Security Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
13XA : 11/96 Page 3
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66.00 03/51/2008 #2008-5TBl
TERRI L. TURT. CCC, COUNTY CLERK 02:19PM 5 OF 9

COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66.00 OL;/08/2008 #20001;),02
8. Fees. Lender may collect fees and charges authorized by the Secretary for the Home
Equity Conversion Mortgage Insurance Program.
9. Grounds for Acceleration of Debt.
(a) Due and Payable. Lender may require immediate payment in full of all sums secured
by this Security Instrument if:
(i) A Borrower dies and the Property is not the principal residence of at least one
surviving Borrower; or
(ii) All of a Borrower’s title in the Property (or his or her beneficial interest in a trust
owning all or part of the Property) is sold or otherwise transferred and no other
Borrower retains title to the Property in fee simple or retains a leasehold under a lease
for less than 99 years which is renewable or a lease having a remaining period of not
less than 50 years beyond the date of the 100th birthday of the youngest Borrower
or retains a life estate (or retaining a beneficial interest in a trust with such an interest
in the Property); or
(iii) The Property ceases to be the principal residence of a Borrower for reasons other
than death and the Property is not the principal residence of at least one other
Borrower; or
(iv) For a period of longer than twelve (12) consecutive months, a Borrower fails to
occupy the Property because of physical or mental illness and the Property is not the
principal residence of at least one other Borrower; or
(v) An obligation of the Borrower under this Security Instrument is not performed.
(b) Notice to Lender. Borrower shall notify Lender whenever any of the events listed in
Paragraph 9(a)(ii)-(v) occur.
(c) Notice to Borrower. Lender shall notify Borrower whenever the loan becomes due and
payable under Paragraph 9 (a)(ii)-(v). Lender shall not have the right to commence
foreclosure until Borrower has had thirty (30) days after notice to either:
(i) Correct the matter which resulted in the Security Instrument coming due and
payable; or
(ii) Pay the balance in full; or
(iii) Sell the Property for the lesser of the balance or 95% of the appraised value and
apply the net proceeds of the sale toward the balance; or
(iv) Provide the Lender with a deed in lieu of foreclosure.
(dl Trusts. Conveyance of Borrower’s interest in the Property to a trust which meets the
requirements of the Secretary, or conveyance of a trust’s interests in the Property to a
Borrower, shall not be considered a conveyance for purposes of this Paragraph 9. A trust
shall not be considered an occupant or be considered as having a principal residence for
purposes of this Paragraph 9.
10. No Deficiency Judgments. Borrower shall have no personal liability for payment of the
debt secured by this Security Instrument. Lender may enforce the debt only through sale of the
Property. Lender shall not be permitted to obtain a deficiency judgment against Borrower if the
Security Instrument is foreclosed.
11. Reinstatement. Borrower has a right to be reinstated if Lender has required immediate
payment in full. This right applies even after foreclosure proceedings are instituted. To reinstate
this Security Instrument, Borrower shall correct the condition which resulted in the requirement for
immediate payment in full. Foreclosure costs and reasonable and customary attorneys' fees and
expenses properly associated with the foreclosure proceeding shall be added to the principal
balance. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security Instrument and the obligations that it
secures shall remain in effect as if Lender had not required immediate payment in full. However,
Lender is not required to permit reinstatement if: (i) Lender has accepted reinstatement after the
commencement of foreclosure proceedings within two years immediately preceding the
commencement of a current foreclosure proceedin9, (ii) reinstatement will preclude foreclosure on
different grounds in the future, or (iii) reinstatement will adversely affect the priority of the Security
Instrument.
14XA : 11/96 Page 4
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66.00 05/51/2008 #2008-5151

COOS COUNTY CLERK. OREGON TOTAL $66.00 RE RECO OA/08/2008 #2008—5A92
12. Lien Status.
la) Modification. Borrower agrees to extend this Security Instrument in accordance with
this Paragraph 12(a). If Lender determines that the original lien status of the Security
Instrument is jeopardized under state law (including but not limited to situations where
the amount secured by the Security Instrument equals or exceeds the maximum principal
amount stated or the maximum period under which loan advances retain the same lien
priority initially granted to loan advances has expired) and state law permits the original
lien status to be maintained for future loan advances through the execution and
recordation of one or more documents, then Lender shall obtain title evidence at
Borrower's expense. If the title evidence indicates that the Property is not encumbered
by any liens (except the First Security Instrument described in Paragraph 13(a), this
Second Security Instrument and any subordinate liens that the Lender determines will
also be subordinate to any future loan advances), Lender shall request the Borrower to
execute any documents necessary to protect the lien status of future loan advances.
Borrower agrees to execute such documents. If state law does not permit the original lien
status to be extended to future loan advances, Borrower will be deemed to have failed to
have performed an obligation under this Security Instrument.
lb) Tax Deferral Programs. Borrower shall not participate in a real estate tax deferral
program, if any liens created by the tax deferral are not subordinate to this Security
Instrument.
lc) Prior Liens. Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this
Security Instrument unless Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the
obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable to Lender; (b) contests in good faith
the lien by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings which in the
Lender's opinion operate to prevent the enforcement of the lien or forfeiture of any part
of the Property; or lc) secures from the holder of the lien an agreement satisfactory to
Lender subordinating the lien to all amounts secured by this Security Instrument. If
Lender determines that any part of the Property is subject to a lien which may attain
priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying the
lien. Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take one or more of the actions set forth above
within 10 days of the giving of notice.
13. Relationship to First Security Instrument.
la) Second Security Instrument. In order to secure payments which the Secretary may
make to or on behalf of Borrower pursuant to Section 255(i)(1)(A) of the National
Housing Act and the Loan Agreement, the Secretary has required Borrower to execute a
Second Note and this Second Security Instrument. Borrower also has executed a First
Note and First Security Instrument.
(b) Relationship of First and Second Security Instruments. Payments made by the
Secretary shall not be included in the debt under the First Note unless:
(i) The First Security Instrument is assigned to the Secretary; or
(ii) The Secretary accepts reimbursement by the holder of the First Note for all
payments made by the Secretary.
If the circumstances described in (i) or (ii) occur, then all payments by the Secretary,
including interest on the payments, but excluding late charges paid by the Secretary,
shall be included in the debt under the First Note.
lc) Effect on Borrower. Where there is no assignment or reimbursement as described in
(b)(i) or (ii) and the Secretary makes payments to Borrower, then Borrower shall not:
(i) Be required to pay amounts owed under the First Note, or pay any rents and
revenues of the Property under Paragraph 19 to the holder of the First Note or a
receiver of the Property, until the Secretary has required payment in full of all
outstanding principal and accrued interest under the Second Note; or
(ii) Be obligated to pay interest or shared appreciation under the First Note at any
time, whether accrued before or after the payments by the Secretary, and whether or
not accrued interest has been included in the principal balance under the First Note.
ld) No Duty of the Secretary. The Secretary has no duty to the holder of the First Note to
enforce covenants of the Second Security Instrument or to take actions to preserve the
value of the Property, even though the holder of the First Note may be unable to collect
amounts owed under the First Note because of restrictions in this Paragraph 13.
15XA : 11/96 Page 5
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66.00 05/51/2008 #2008-5151
TERR1 L. TUR1, CCC, COUNTY CLERK 02:19PM 5 OF 9

COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66.00 -
TERRI L. TURI, CCC, COUNTY CLERK ’*E·“ECO*"D Ou/gggggg #2OOg  
 
Ie) Restrictions on Enforcement. Notwithstanding anything else in this Security Instrument,
the Borrower shall not be obligated to comply with the covenants hereof, and Paragraph 19
shall have no force and effect, whenever there is no outstanding balance under the Second
Note.
14. Forbearance by Lender Not a Waiver. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or
remedy shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy.
15. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability. Borrower may not assign any
rights or obligations under this Security Instrument or the Second Note, except to a trust that meets
the requirements of the Secretary. Borrower’s covenants and agreements shall be joint and several.
16. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by
delivering it or by mailing it by first class mail unless applicable law requires use of another method.
The notice shall be directed to the Property Address or any other address all Borrowers jointly
designate. Any notice to the Secretary shall be given by first class mail to the HUD Field Office with
jurisdiction over the Property or any other address designated by the Secretary. Any notice provided
for in this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower or Lender when
given as provided in this Paragraph 16.
17. Governing Law; Severability. This Security Instrument shall be governed by Federal law and
the law of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. In the event that any provision or clause
of this Security Instrument or the Second Note conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not
affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or the Second Note which can be given effect
without the conflicting provision. To this end the provisions of this Security Instrument and the
Second Note are declared to be severable.
18. Borrower’s Copy. Borrower shall be given one conformed copy of the Second Note and this
Security Instrument.
NON-UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
19. Assignment of Rents. Borrower unconditionally assigns and transfers to Lender all the rents
and revenues of the Property. Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender's agents to collect the rents
and revenues and hereby directs each tenant of the Property to pay the rents to Lender or Lender's
agents. However, prior to Lender's notice to Borrower of Borrower’s breach of any covenant or
agreement in the Security Instrument, Borrower shall collect and receive all rents and revenues of
the Property as trustee for the benefit of Lender and Borrower. This assignment of rents constitutes
an absolute assignment and not an assignment for additional security only.
If Lender gives notice of breach to Borrower: (al all rents received by Borrower shall be held by
Borrower as trustee for benefit of Lender only, to be applied to the sums secured by this Security
Instrument; (b) Lender shall be entitled to collect and receive all of the rents of the Property; and Ic)
each tenant of the Property shall pay all rents due and unpaid to Lender or Lender's agent on
Lender's written demand to the tenant.
Borrower has not executed any prior assignment of the rents and has not and will not perform
any act that would prevent Lender from exercising its rights under this Paragraph 19, except as
provided in the First Security Instrument.
Lender shall not be required to enter upon, take control of or maintain the Property before or
after giving notice of breach to Borrower. However, Lender or a judicially appointed receiver may do
so at any time there is a breach. Any application of rents shall not cure or waive any default or
invalidate any other right or remedy of Lender. This assignment of rents of the Property shall
terminate when the debt secured by this Security Instrument is paid in full.
20. Foreclosure Procedure. lf Lender requires immediate payment in full under Paragraph 9,
Lender may invoke the power of sale and any other remedies permitted by applicable law. Lender
shall be entitled to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided in this Paragraph
20, including. but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of title evidence.
If Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall execute or cause Trustee to execute a written
notice of the occurrence of an event of default and of Lender's election to cause the Property to be
sold and shall cause such notice to be recorded in each county in which any part of the Property is
located. Lender or Trustee shall give notice of sale in the manner prescribed by applicable law to
Borrower and to other persons prescribed by applicable law. After the time required by applicable
law, Trustee, without demand on Borrower, shall sell the Property at public auction to the highest
bidder at the time and place and under
asxa; O2/O2 Page 6
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66 OO

~ COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66.00 OA/08/2008 #2008—5A92
TERRI L. TURI. CCC. COUNTY CLERK F*E·RE00”0 Ol:Ll5PM 7 OE 9
the terms designated in the notice of sale in one or more parcels and in any order Trustee
determines. Trustee may postpone sale of all or any parcel of the Property by public announcement
at the time and place of any previously scheduled sale. Lender or its designee may purchase the
Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee’s deed conveying the Property without any
covenant or warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee’s deed shall be prima facie
evidence of the truth of the statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in
the following order: (al to all expenses of the sale, including, but not limited to, reasonable
Trustee’s and attorneys' fees; (b) to all sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) any
excess to the person or persons legally entitled to it.
21. Lien Priority. The full amount secured by this Security Instrument shall have a lien priority
subordinate only to the full amount secured by the First Security Instrument.
22. Adjustable Rate Feature. Under the Second Note, the initial stated interest rate of
2-600 % which accrues on the unpaid principal balance ("InitiaI Interest Rate") is
subject to change, as described below. When the interest rate changes, the new adjusted interest
rate will be applied to the total outstanding principal balance. Each adjustment to the interest rate
will be based upon the weekly average yield on United States Treasury Securities adjusted to a
constant maturity of one year, as made available by the Federal Reserve Board in Statistical Release
H.15 (519) ("Index") plus a margin. If the Index is no longer available, Lender will use as a new
Index any index prescribed by the Secretary. Lender will give Borrower notice of the new Index.
Lender will perform the calculations described below to determine the new adjusted interest
rate. The interest rate may change on the first day of JUNE 2008 , and on I:] that
day of each succeeding year X the first day of each succeeding month ("Change Date") until the
loan is repaid in full.
The value of the Index will be determined, using the most recent Index figure available thirty
(30) days before the Change Date ("Current Index"). Before each Change Date, the new interest
rate will be calculated by adding a margin to the Current Index. The sum of the margin plus the
Current Index will be called the "Calculated Interest Rate" for each Change Date. The Calculated
Interest Rate will be compared to the interest rate in effect immediately prior to the current Change
Date (the "Existing Interest Rate").
I;) (Annually Adjusting Variable Rate Feature) The Calculated Interest Rate cannot be more than
2.0% higher or lower than the Existing Interest Rate, nor can it be more than 5.0% higher or lower
than the Initial Interest Rate.
[X] (Monthly Adjusting Variable Rate Feature) The Calculated Interest Rate will never increase
above TWELVE AND 600/1000 percent ( 12 .600 %).
The Calculated Interest Rate will be adjusted if necessary to comply with these rate Iimitationls)
and will be in effect until the next Change Date. At any Change Date, if the Calculated Interest Rate
equals the Existing Interest Rate, the interest rate will not change.
23. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall
request Trustee to reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security Instrument and all notes
evidencing debt secured by this Security Instrument to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the Property
without warranty and without charge to the person or persons legally entitled to it. Such person or
persons shall pay any recordation costs.
24. Substitute Trustee. Lender may from time to time remove Trustee and appoint a successor
trustee to any Trustee appointed hereunder. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor
trustee shall succeed to all the title, power and duties conferred upon trustee herein and by
applicable law.
25. Attorneys' Fees. As used in this Security Instrument and in the Note, "attorneys’ fees" shall
include any attorneys' fees awarded by an appellate court.
sexe; 02102 Page 7
COOS COUNTY CLERK. OREGON TOTAL $66.00 05/51/2008 #2008-5151

COOS COUNTY CLERK OREGON TOTAL $66 OO
» . OA/08/2008 #2008-3492
.TERRI L. TUR1. CCC, COUNTY CLERK me-aecono gjyqgpm 3 gp 9
 
recorded together with this Security Instrument, the covenants of each such rider shall be
incorporated into and shall amend and supplement the covenants and agreements of this Security
Instrument as if the rider(s) were a part of this Security Instrument. [Check applicable box(es).]
[;]C0ndominium Rider [:IShared Appreciation Rider ):)PIanned Unit Development Rider
[:IOther (Specify)
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms contained in this Security
Instrument and in any rider(s) executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
· orrower  ower
 (Seal) , (Seal)
ANNIE M LEWIS
(Seal) (Seal)
 0rrower  rI'0W9I’
[Space Be ow This Line For Acknowledgement]
STATE or O (Hy) O gem 5 COUNTY ss:
""" r
On this day personally appeared before me __)€QV\V\,\p__ YY"   S
to me known to be the individual, or individuals de cribed in and who executed t e within and
foregoing instrument, and acknowledged that Qéxi signed the same as
free and voluntary act and deed, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned. Given under my
hand and official seal this   day 0  ,91 8 .
My Commission Expires: LQ   Notary Public foil  
,;;,.<, OFFICIAL SEALE-
  TRACY M EBEHWEIN
  NOTARY PI.IBI.I<J·0REG¤N
XM COMMISSION NO. 41 74I5
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES JUNE 3, 2011
COOS COUNTY CLERK. OREGON TOTAL $66.00 05/51/2008 #2008-5151
 
87XB: IO/O2 Page 8

L COO6 COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOT!-\L $66.00 04/ 08/ 2008 #20086492
LEGAL DESCRIPTION
Beginning at a point on the East line of Lot 4 of the Plat of Harpole Acres, Eastside, Coos
County, Oregon, filed November 7, 1928 in Book 6, Page 13, Plat Records, Coos County,
Oregon, said point being located North a distance of 75 feet from the iron pipe at the Southeast
corner of said Lot 4; thence West a distance of 100.00 feet to a 40.00 foot roadway; thence
North along said roadway a distance of 75.00 feet; thence East a distance of 100.00 feet to the
East line of said Lot 4; thence South along the East line of said Lot 4 a distance of 75.00 feet to
the point of beginning.
END OF LEGAL DESCRIPTION
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOT/·\L $66.00 05/ 51/ 2008 #2008-5151
Order No. 47-94071

