Until a change is requested all tax statements shall be
sent to the following address.
F I RST AMER I CAN REAL ESTATE TAX SERV I CES,
LENDER # 2190
11901 BURNET ROAD
AUST I N, TEXAS 78758
WHEN RECORDED MAIL TO
FL9-700-01-01, JACKSONVILLE POST CLOSING
BANK OF AMER ICA
9000 SOUTHSIDE BLVD.
BLDG 700, F I LE RECEIPT DEPT.
JACKSONVILLE, FL 32256 AF1—ERREC()RD]NG RETURNTO
TAX ACCCUNT NUMBER FIDELITY NATIONALTITLE COMPANI I
T25S13R30AC
True and Actual Consideration is:   O i Q 2 W
S 'I 71 , OOO . OO t [Space Above This Line For Recording Data] ——····—
LQAN 4; 5855784903      
DEFINITIONS
Words used in multiple sections of this document are defined below and other words are defined in
Sections 3, ll, 13, 18, 20 and 21. Certain rules regarding the usage of words used in this document
are also provided in Section 16.
(A) "Security Instrument" means this document, which is dated APR I L O3, 2008 ,
together with all Riders to this document.
(B) "Borrower" is .10 A. GARD I NER
Borrower is the trustor under this Security Instrument.
(C) "Lender" is BANK OF AMERICA, N . A. .
Lender is a NATIONAL BANK ING ASSOC I AT I ON
organized and existing under the laws of THE UNI TED STATES OF AMER I CA .
Lender’s address is 275 S. VALENC I A AVE. 1ST FLOOR, BREA, CA 928235340
Lender is the beneficiary under this Security Instrument.
(D) "Trustee" is FIRST AMER I CAN TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY
OREGON — Single Family — Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT Form 3038 1/01
@—6(()R) (04081
VMP Mortgage Solutions, Inc. (800) 1-7291
T·$~ I or T   Illlllllllllllll Il llllllllllll
cv0R 03/21/08 1:29 PM 6855784903
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $106.00 Oil/Oil/2008 #2008-5575
TERM L- TURl 

(E) "Note" means the promissory note signed by Borrower and dated APR 1 L 03 , 2008 .
The Note states that Borrower owes Lender ONE HUNDRED SEVENTY ONE THOUSAND AND
00/ 100 Dollars
(U.S. $ 171 ,000.00 ) plus interest. Borrower has promised to pay this debt in regular
Periodic Payments and to pay the debt in full not later than MAY 01 , 2038 .
(F) "Property" means the property that is described below under the heading "Transfer of Rights
in the Property. "
(G) "Loan" means the debt evidenced by the Note, plus interest, any prepayment charges and late
charges due under the Note, and all sums due under this Security Instrument, plus interest.
(H) "Riders" means all Riders to this Security Instrument that are executed by Borrower. The
following Riders are to be executed by Borrower [check box as applicable]:
|;| Adjustable Rate Rider E] Condominium Rider |;] Second Home Rider
[;] Balloon Rider [I] Planned Unit Development Rider 1‘4 Family Rider
l:] VA Rider |:] Biweekly Payment Rider Other(s) [specify]
(I) "Applicable Law" means all controlling applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations,
ordinances and administrative rules and orders (that have the effect of law) as well as all applicable
final, non‘appealable judicial opinions.
(I) "Community Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments" means all dues, fees, assessments
and other charges that are imposed on Borrower or the Property by a condominium association,
homeowners association or similar organization.
(K) "Electronic Funds Transfer" means any transfer of funds, other than a transaction originated
by check, draft, or similar paper instrument, which is initiated through an electronic terminal,
telephonic instrument, computer, or magnetic tape so as to order, instruct, or authorize a financial
institution to debit or credit an account. Such term includes, but is not limited to, pointrofrsale
transfers, automated teller machine transactions, transfers initiated by telephone, wire transfers, and
automated clearinghouse transfers.
(L) "Escrow Items" means those items that are described in Section 3.
(M) "Miscellaneous Proceeds" means any compensation, settlement, award of damages, or
proceeds paid by any third party (other than insurance proceeds paid under the coverages described
in Section 5) for: (i) damage to, or destruction of, the Property; (ii) condemnation or other taking of
all or any part of the Property; (iii) conveyance in lieu of condemnation; or (iv) misrepresentations
of, or omissions as to, the value andlor condition of the Property.
(N) "Mortgage Insurance" means insurance protecting Lender against the nonpayment of, or
default on, the Loan.
(O) "Periodic Payment" means the regularly scheduled amount due for (i) principal and interest
under the Note, plus (ii) any amounts under Section 3 of this Security Instrument.
(P) "RESPA" means the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (12 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq.)
and its implementing regulation, Regulation X (24 C.F.R. Part 3500), as they might be amended
from time to time, or any additional or successor legislation or regulation that governs the same
subject matter. As used in this Security Instrument, "RESPA" refers to all requirements and
restrictions that are imposed in regard to a "federally related mortgage loan" even if the Loan does
not qualify as a "federally related mortgage loan" under RESPA.
(Q) "Successor in Interest of Borrower" means any party that has taken title to the Property,
whether or not that party has assumed Borrower’s obligations under the Note and/or this Security
Instrument.
Initials:
@,*6*0** ‘°‘°°’ .».,. 2 .. is Form 3038 1/01
cv0R 08/91/08 1:29 PM 6855784903
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $106.00 0il/ 0il/ 2008 #2008-5575
may L tum. cn;. county ctw  

TRANSFER OF RIGHTS IN THE PROPERTY
This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (i) the repayment of the Loan, and all renewals,
extensions and modifications of the Note; and (ii) the performance of Borrower’s covenants and
agreements under this Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower irrevocably
grants and conveys to Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the following described property located
in the COUNTY of COOS :
[Type of Recording Jurisdiction] [Name of Recording Jurisdiction]
"LEGAL DESCRIPTION ATTACHED HERETO AND MADE A PART I-IEREOF. "
which currently has the address of
9'|4G5 SPAW LANE [Street]
Coos BAY [City] , Oregon 97420 [zip Code]
("Property Address"):
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all
easements, appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and
additions shall also be covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this
Security Instrument as the "Property."
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby conveyed
and has the right to grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for
encumbrances of record. Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property
against all claims and demands, subject to any encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and
non‘uniform covenants with limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security
instrument covering real property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
l. Payment of Principal, Interest, Escrow Items, Prepayment Charges, and Late
Charges. Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and interest on, the debt evidenced by the
Note and any prepayment charges and late charges due under the Note. Borrower shall also pay
funds for Escrow Items pursuant to Section 3. Payments due under the Note and this Security
Instrument shall be made in U.S. currency. However, if any check or other instrument received by
Lender as payment under the Note or this Security Instrument is returned to Lender unpaid, Lender
may require that any or all subsequent payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument be
made in one or more of the following forms, as selected by Lender: (a) cash; (b) money order; (c)
Initials:  
‘@,‘6l°R’ ‘°‘°°’ p.,. 3 of is Form soss 1/01
cv0R 02/at/08 1:29 PM sassvaasoa
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $106.00 0iI/OiI/ 2008 #2008-5575

certified check, bank check, treasurer’s check or cashier’s check, provided any such check is drawn
upon an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency, instrumentality, or entity; or (d)
Electronic Funds Transfer.
Payments are deemed received by Lender when received at the location designated in the Note
or at such other location as may be designated by Lender in accordance with the notice provisions in
Section 15. Lender may return any payment or partial payment if the payment or partial payments
are insufficient to bring the Loan current. Lender may accept any payment or partial payment
insufficient to bring the Loan current, without waiver of any rights hereunder or prejudice to its
rights to refuse such payment or partial payments in the future, but Lender is not obligated to apply
such payments at the time such payments are accepted. If each Periodic Payment is applied as of its
scheduled due date, then Lender need not pay interest on unapplied funds. Lender may hold such
unapplied funds until Borrower makes payment to bring the Loan current. If Borrower does not do
so within a reasonable period of time, Lender shall either apply such funds or return them to
Borrower. If not applied earlier, such funds will be applied to the outstanding principal balance
under the Note immediately prior to foreclosure. No offset or claim which Borrower might have
now or in the future against Lender shall relieve Borrower from making payments due under the
Note and this Security Instrument or performing the covenants and agreements secured by this
Security Instrument.
2. Application of Payments or Proceeds. Except as otherwise described in this Section 2, all
payments accepted and applied by Lender shall be applied in the following order of priority: (a)
interest due under the Note; (b) principal due under the Note; (c) amounts due under Section 3.
Such payments shall be applied to each Periodic Payment in the order in which it became due. Any
remaining amounts shall be applied first to late charges, second to any other amounts due under this
Security Instrument, and then to reduce the principal balance of the Note.
If Lender receives a payment from Borrower for a delinquent Periodic Payment which includes
a sufficient amount to pay any late charge due, the payment may be applied to the delinquent
payment and the late charge. If more than one Periodic Payment is outstanding, Lender may apply
any payment received from Borrower to the repayment of the Periodic Payments if, and to the
extent that, each payment can be paid in full. To the extent that any excess exists after the payment is
applied to the full payment of one or more Periodic Payments, such excess may be applied to any
late charges due. Voluntary prepayments shall be applied first to any prepayment charges and then
as described in the Note.
Any application of payments, insurance proceeds, or Miscellaneous Proceeds to principal due
under the Note shall not extend or postpone the due date, or change the amount, of the Periodic
Payments.
3. Funds for Escrow Items. Borrower shall pay to Lender on the day Periodic Payments are
due under the Note, until the Note is paid in full, a sum (the "Funds") to provide for payment of
amounts due for: (a) taxes and assessments and other items which can attain priority over this
Security Instrument as a lien or encumbrance on the Property; (b) leasehold payments or ground
rents on the Property, if any; (c) premiums for any and all insurance required by Lender under
Section 5; and (d) Mortgage Insurance premiums, if any, or any sums payable by Borrower to
Lender in lieu of the payment of Mortgage Insurance premiums in accordance with the provisions of
Section 10. These items are called "Escrow Items." At origination or at any time during the term of
the Loan, Lender may require that Community Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments, if any, be
escrowed by Borrower, and such dues, fees and assessments shall be an Escrow Item. Borrower shall
promptly furnish to Lender all notices of amounts to be paid under this Section. Borrower shall pay
Lender the Funds for Escrow Items unless Lender waives Borrower’s obligation to pay the Funds
for any or all Escrow Items. Lender may waive Borrower’s obligation to pay to Lender Funds for
any or all Escrow Items at any time. Any such waiver may only be in writing. In the event of
Initials:  
*&‘6l°”l *°‘°°’ .».,. 4 .» ia Farm sosa 1/01
CVOR 03/31/08 1:29 PM 6655184902
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $106.00 0ii/ 0i+/ 2008 #2008-5575
TERRI L. TURI, CCC, COUNTY CLERK 02:05PM it OF 17

such waiver, Borrower shall pay directly, when and where payable, the amounts due for any Escrow
Items for which payment of Funds has been waived by Lender and, if Lender requires, shall furnish
to Lender receipts evidencing such payment within such time period as Lender may require.
Borrower’s obligation to make such payments and to provide receipts shall for all purposes be
deemed to be a covenant and agreement contained in this Security Instrument, as the phrase
"covenant and agreement" is used in Section 9. If Borrower is obligated to pay Escrow Items
directly, pursuant to a waiver, and Borrower fails to pay the amount due for an Escrow Item, Lender
may exercise its rights under Section 9 and pay such amount and Borrower shall then be obligated
under Section 9 to repay to Lender any such amount. Lender may revoke the waiver as to any or all
Escrow Items at any time by a notice given in accordance with Section 15 and, upon such
revocation, Borrower shall pay to Lender all Funds, and in such amounts, that are then required
under this Section 3.
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold Funds in an amount (a) sufficient to permit Lender
to apply the Funds at the time specified under RESPA, and (b) not to exceed the maximum amount
a lender can require under RESPA, Lender shall estimate the amount of Funds due on the basis of
current data and reasonable estimates of expenditures of future Escrow Items or otherwise in
accordance with Applicable Law.
The Funds shall be held in an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency,
instrumentality, or entity (including Lender, if Lender is an institution whose deposits are so
insured) or in any Federal Home Loan Bank. Lender shall apply the Funds to pay the Escrow Items
no later than the time specified under RESPA, Lender shall not charge Borrower for holding and
applying the Funds, annually analyzing the escrow account, or verifying the Escrow Items, unless
Lender pays Borrower interest on the Funds and Applicable Law permits Lender to make such a
charge. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to be paid on the
Funds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or earnings on the Funds.
Borrower and Lender can agree in writing, however, that interest shall be paid on the Funds. Lender
shall give to Borrower, without charge, an annual accounting of the Funds as required by RESPA.
If there is a surplus of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall account to
Borrower for the excess funds in accordance with RESPA. If there is a shortage of Funds held in
escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and
Borrower shall pay to Lender the amount necessary to make up the shortage in accordance with
RESPA, but in no more than 12 monthly payments. If there is a deficiency of Funds held in escrow,
as defined under RESPA, Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower shall
pay to Lender the amount necessary to make up the deficiency in accordance with RESPA, but in no
more than 12 monthly payments.
Upon payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall promptly
refund to Borrower any Funds held by Lender.
4. Charges; Liens. Borrower shall pay all taxes, assessments, charges, fines, and impositions
attributable to the Property which can attain priority over this Security Instrument, leasehold
payments or ground rents on the Property, if any, and Community Association Dues, Fees, and
Assessments, if any. To the extent that these items are Escrow Items, Borrower shall pay them in
the manner provided in Section 3.
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument
unless Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a
manner acceptable to Lender, but only so long as Borrower is performing such agreement; (b)
contests the lien in good faith by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings
which in Lender’s opinion operate to prevent the enforcement of the lien while those proceedings
are pending, but only until such proceedings are concluded; or (c) secures from the holder of the lien
an agreement satisfactory to Lender subordinating the lien to this Security Instrument. If Lender
Initials:
*@,"°l°*‘" *°°°°’ p.,. 5 .. is 3 Farm seas 1/01
cv0R 03/31/08 1:29 PM 6855784903
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOT/-\L $106.00 0i+/ 04/ 2008 #2008-5575
TERRI L. TURI, CCC. COUNTY CLERK. 02:05PM 5 OF 17

determines that any part of the Property is subject to a lien which can attain priority over this
Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying the lien. Within 10 days of the
date on which that notice is given, Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take one or more of the actions
set forth above in this Section 4.
Lender may require Borrower to pay a one‘time charge for a real estate tax verification andlor
reporting service used by Lender in connection with this Loan.
5. Property Insurance. Borrower shall keep the improvements now existing or hereafter
erected on the Property insured against loss by fire, hazards included within the term "extended
coverage," and any other hazards including, but not limited to, earthquakes and floods, for which
Lender requires insurance. This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts (including deductible
levels) and for the periods that Lender requires. What Lender requires pursuant to the preceding
sentences can change during the term of the Loan. The insurance carrier providing the insurance
shall be chosen by Borrower subject to Lender’s right to disapprove Borrower’s choice, which right
shall not be exercised unreasonably. Lender may require Borrower to pay, in connection with this
Loan, either: (a) a one‘time charge for flood zone determination, certification and tracking services;
or (b) a one‘time charge for flood zone determination and certification services and subsequent
charges each time remappings or similar changes occur which reasonably might affect such
determination or certification. Borrower shall also be responsible for the payment of any fees
imposed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency in connection with the review of any flood
zone determination resulting from an objection by Borrower.
If Borrower fails to maintain any of the coverages described above, Lender may obtain
insurance coverage, at Lender’s option and Borrower’s expense. Lender is under no obligation to
purchase any particular type or amount of coverage. Therefore, such coverage shall cover Lender,
but might or might not protect Borrower, Borrower’s equity in the Property, or the contents of the
Property, against any risk, hazard or liability and might provide greater or lesser coverage than was
previously in effect. Borrower acknowledges that the cost of the insurance coverage so obtained
might significantly exceed the cost of insurance that Borrower could have obtained. Any amounts
disbursed by Lender under this Section 5 shall become additional debt of Borrower secured by this
Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of
disbursement and shall be payable, with such interest, upon notice from Lender to Borrower
requesting payment.
All insurance policies required by Lender and renewals of such policies shall be subject to
Lender’s right to disapprove such policies, shall include a standard mortgage clause, and shall name
Lender as mortgagee andlor as an additional loss payee. Lender shall have the right to hold the
policies and renewal certificates. If Lender requires, Borrower shall promptly give to Lender all
receipts of paid premiums and renewal notices. If Borrower obtains any form of insurance coverage,
not otherwise required by Lender, for damage to, or destruction of, the Property, such policy shall
include a standard mortgage clause and shall name Lender as mortgagee andlor as an additional loss
payee.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give prompt notice to the insurance carrier and Lender.
Lender may make proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrower. Unless Lender and Borrower
otherwise agree in writing, any insurance proceeds, whether or not the underlying insurance was
required by Lender, shall be applied to restoration or repair of the Property, if the restoration or
repair is economically feasible and Lender’s security is not lessened. During such repair and
restoration period, Lender shall have the right to hold such insurance proceeds until Lender has had
an opportunity to inspect such Property to ensure the work has been completed to Lender’s
satisfaction, provided that such inspection shall be undertaken promptly. Lender may disburse
proceeds for the repairs and restoration in a single payment or in a series of progress payments as
the work is completed. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest
Initials:
*@r6l°'*l ‘°‘*°°’ ».,. 6 .r is 7 Farm seas 1/01
cv0R 03/31/08 1:29 PM 6855784902
COOS COUNTY CLERK. OREGON TOTAL $106.00 OM/Oil/2008 #2008-5575
TERRT L. TURI. CCC. COUNTY CLERK 02:05PN 6 OF 17

to be paid on such insurance proceeds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or
earnings on such proceeds. Fees for public adjusters, or other third parties, retained by Borrower
shall not be paid out of the insurance proceeds and shall be the sole obligation of Borrower. If the
restoration or repair is not economically feasible or Lender’s security would be lessened, the
insurance proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not
then due, with the excess, if any, paid to Borrower. Such insurance proceeds shall be applied in the
order provided for in Section 2.
If Borrower abandons the Property, Lender may file, negotiate and settle any available
insurance claim and related matters. If Borrower does not respond within 30 days to a notice from
Lender that the insurance carrier has offered to settle a claim, then Lender may negotiate and settle
the claim. The 30‘day period will begin when the notice is given. In either event, or if Lender
acquires the Property under Section 22 or otherwise, Borrower hereby assigns to Lender (a)
Borrower’s rights to any insurance proceeds in an amount not to exceed the amounts unpaid under
the Note or this Security Instrument, and (b) any other of Borrower’s rights (other than the right to
any refund of unearned premiums paid by Borrower) under all insurance policies covering the
Property, insofar as such rights are applicable to the coverage of the Property. Lender may use the
insurance proceeds either to repair or restore the Property or to pay amounts unpaid under the Note
or this Security Instrument, whether or not then due.
6. Occupancy. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower’s principal
residence within 60 days after the execution of this Security Instrument and shall continue to occupy
the Property as Borrower’s principal residence for at least one year after the date of occupancy,
unless Lender otherwise agrees in writing, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, or
unless extenuating circumstances exist which are beyond Borrower’s control.
7. Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Inspections. Borrower
shall not destroy, damage or impair the Property, allow the Property to deteriorate or commit waste
on the Property. Whether or not Borrower is residing in the Property, Borrower shall maintain the
Property in order to prevent the Property from deteriorating or decreasing in value due to its
condition. Unless it is determined pursuant to Section 5 that repair or restoration is not
economically feasible, Borrower shall promptly repair the Property if damaged to avoid further
deterioration or damage. If insurance or condemnation proceeds are paid in connection with damage
to, or the taking of, the Property, Borrower shall be responsible for repairing or restoring the
Property only if Lender has released proceeds for such purposes. Lender may disburse proceeds for
the repairs and restoration in a single payment or in a series of progress payments as the work is
completed. If the insurance or condemnation proceeds are not sufficient to repair or restore the
Property, Borrower is not relieved of Borrower’s obligation for the completion of such repair or
restoration.
Lender or its agent may make reasonable entries upon and inspections of the Property. If it has
reasonable cause, Lender may inspect the interior of the improvements on the Property. Lender
shall give Borrower notice at the time of or prior to such an interior inspection specifying such
reasonable cause.
8. Borrower’s Loan Application. Borrower shall be in default if, during the Loan application
process, Borrower or any persons or entities acting at the direction of Borrower or with Borrower’s
knowledge or consent gave materially false, misleading, or inaccurate information or statements to
Lender (or failed to provide Lender with material information) in connection with the Loan.
Material representations include, but are not limited to, representations concerning Borrower’s
occupancy of the Property as Borrower’s principal residence.
InitIals: 
*@,’6l°Rl *°·*°**> .».,. 7 ... is Form aoaa 1/01
cv0R oa/81/08 1:28 PM 6855784903
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOT/·\L $106 . OO 0Ll/  #20980;%%

9. Protection of Lender’s Interest in the Property and Rights Under this Security
Instrument. If (a) Borrower fails to perform the covenants and agreements contained in this
Security Instrument, (b) there is a legal proceeding that might significantly affect Lender’s interest
in the Property andlor rights under this Security Instrument (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy,
probate, for condemnation or forfeiture, for enforcement of a lien which may attain priority over
this Security Instrument or to enforce laws or regulations), or (c) Borrower has abandoned the
Property, then Lender may do and pay for whatever is reasonable or appropriate to protect Lender’s
interest in the Property and rights under this Security Instrument, including protecting and/or
assessing the value of the Property, and securing andlor repairing the Property. Lender’s actions can
include, but are not limited to: (a) paying any sums secured by a lien which has priority over this
Security Instrument; (b) appearing in court; and (c) paying reasonable attorneys’ fees to protect its
interest in the Property andlor rights under this Security Instrument, including its secured position
in a bankruptcy proceeding. Securing the Property includes, but is not limited to, entering the
Property to make repairs, change locks, replace or board up doors and windows, drain water from
pipes, eliminate building or other code violations or dangerous conditions, and have utilities turned
on or off. Although Lender may take action under this Section 9, Lender does not have to do so and
is not under any duty or obligation to do so. It is agreed that Lender incurs no liability for not taking
any or all actions authorized under this Section 9.
Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this Section 9 shall become additional debt of
Borrower secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest at the Note rate
from the date of disbursement and shall be payable, with such interest, upon notice from Lender to
Borrower requesting payment.
If this Security Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply with all the provisions of
the lease. If Borrower acquires fee title to the Property, the leasehold and the fee title shall not merge
unless Lender agrees to the merger in writing.
10. Mortgage Insurance. If Lender required Mortgage Insurance as a condition of making the
Loan, Borrower shall pay the premiums required to maintain the Mortgage Insurance in effect. If,
for any reason, the Mortgage Insurance coverage required by Lender ceases to be available from the
mortgage insurer that previously provided such insurance and Borrower was required to make
separately designated payments toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance, Borrower shall pay
the premiums required to obtain coverage substantially equivalent to the Mortgage Insurance
previously in effect, at a cost substantially equivalent to the cost to Borrower of the Mortgage
Insurance previously in effect, from an alternate mortgage insurer selected by Lender. If
substantially equivalent Mortgage Insurance coverage is not available, Borrower shall continue to
pay to Lender the amount of the separately designated payments that were due when the insurance
coverage ceased to be in effect. Lender will accept, use and retain these payments as a non‘refundab1e
loss reserve in lieu of Mortgage Insurance. Such loss reserve shall be non‘refundable,
notwithstanding the fact that the Loan is ultimately paid in full, and Lender shall not be required to
pay Borrower any interest or earnings on such loss reserve. Lender can no longer require loss reserve
payments if Mortgage Insurance coverage (in the amount and for the period that Lender requires)
provided by an insurer selected by Lender again becomes available, is obtained, and Lender requires
separately designated payments toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance. If Lender required
Mortgage Insurance as a condition of making the Loan and Borrower was required to make
separately designated payments toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance, Borrower shall pay
the premiums required to maintain Mortgage Insurance in effect, or to provide a non‘refundable
loss reserve, until Lender’s requirement for Mortgage Insurance ends in accordance with any written
agreement between Borrower and Lender providing for such termination or until termination is
required by Applicable Law. Nothing in this Section l0 affects Borrower’s obligation to pay interest
at the rate provided in the Note.
anemia; g
  (0408) Page 8 of 16 FO"'}    
cvcn 03/31/08 1:29 PM 6855784903
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $106,00 0i+/ 04/ 2008 #2008-3373

Mortgage Insurance reimburses Lender (or any entity that purchases the Note) for certain
losses it may incur if Borrower does not repay the Loan as agreed. Borrower is not a party to the
Mortgage Insurance.
Mortgage insurers evaluate their total risk on all such insurance in force from time to time, and
may enter into agreements with other parties that share or modify their risk, or reduce losses. These
agreements are on terms and conditions that are satisfactory to the mortgage insurer and the other
party (or parties) to these agreements. These agreements may require the mortgage insurer to make
payments using any source of funds that the mortgage insurer may have available (which may
include funds obtained from Mortgage Insurance premiums).
As a result of these agreements, Lender, any purchaser of the Note, another insurer, any
reinsurer, any other entity, or any affiliate of any of the foregoing, may receive (directly or
indirectly) amounts that derive from (or might be characterized as) a portion of Borrower’s
payments for Mortgage Insurance, in exchange for sharing or modifying the mortgage insurer’s risk,
or reducing losses. If such agreement provides that an affiliate of Lender takes a share of the
insurer’s risk in exchange for a share of the premiums paid to the insurer, the arrangement is often
termed "captive reinsurance." Further:
(a) Any such agreements will not affect the amounts that Borrower has agreed to pay
for Mortgage Insurance, or any other terms of the Loan. Such agreements will not increase
the amount Borrower will owe for Mortgage Insurance, and they will not entitle Borrower
to any refund.
(b) Any such agreements will not affect the rights Borrower has - if any - with respect
to the Mortgage Insurance under the Homeowners Protection Act of 1998 or any other
law. These rights may include the right to receive certain disclosures, to request and obtain
cancellation of the Mortgage Insurance, to have the Mortgage Insurance terminated
automatically, andlor to receive a refund of any Mortgage Insurance premiums that were
unearned at the time of such cancellation or termination.
ll. Assignment of Miscellaneous Proceeds; Forfeiture. All Miscellaneous Proceeds are
hereby assigned to and shall be paid to Lender.
If the Property is damaged, such Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to restoration or
repair of the Property, if the restoration or repair is economically feasible and Lender’s security is
not lessened. During such repair and restoration period, Lender shall have the right to hold such
Miscellaneous Proceeds until Lender has had an opportunity to inspect such Property to ensure the
work has been completed to Lender’s satisfaction, provided that such inspection shall be undertaken
promptly. Lender may pay for the repairs and restoration in a single disbursement or in a series of
progress payments as the work is completed. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable
Law requires interest to be paid on such Miscellaneous Proceeds, Lender shall not be required to pay
Borrower any interest or earnings on such Miscellaneous Proceeds. If the restoration or repair is not
economically feasible or Lender’s security would be lessened, the Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be
applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due, with the excess, if
any, paid to Borrower. Such Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied in the order provided for in
Section 2.
In the event of a total taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property, the Miscellaneous
Proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due,
with the excess, if any, paid to Borrower.
In the event of a partial taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property in which the fair
market value of the Property immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value is
equal to or greater than the amount of the sums secured by this Security Instrument immediately
before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value, unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree
in writing, the sums secured by this Security Instrument shall be reduced by the amount of the
Miscellaneous Proceeds multiplied by the following fraction: (a) the total amount of the sums
mutans; #
@,‘6l°“’ ‘°‘°°’ p.,. Q of is Form aces 1/01
cvon 02/31/08 1:29 PM 6855184903
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $106.00 0il/ 0il/ 2008 #2008-5575

secured immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value divided by (b) the fair
market value of the Pro ert immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value.
Any balance shall be paidp to Borrower.
In the event of a partial taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property in which the fair
market value of the Property immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value is
less than the amount of the sums secured immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss
in value, unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing, the Miscellaneous Proceeds shall
be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument whether or not the sums are then due.
If the Property is abandoned by Borrower, or if, after notice by Lender to Borrower that the
Opposing Party (as defined in the next sentence) offers to make an award to settle a claim for
damages, Borrower fails to respond to Lender within 30 days after the date the notice is given,
Lender is authorized to collect and apply the Miscellaneous Proceeds either to restoration or repair
of the Property or to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due.
"Opposing Party" means the third party that owes Borrower Miscellaneous Proceeds or the party
against whom Borrower has a right of action in regard to Miscellaneous Proceeds.
Borrower shall be in default if any action or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, is begun
that, in Lender’s judgment, could result in forfeiture of the Pro erty or other material impairment
of Lender’s interest in the Property or rights under this Security Tnstrument. Borrower can cure such
a default and, if acceleration has occurred, reinstate as provided in Section 19, by causing the action
or proceeding to be dismissed with a ruling that, in Lender’s judgment, precludes forfeiture of the
Property or other material impairment of Lender’s interest in the Property or rights under this
Security Instrument. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages that are attributable to the
impairment of Lender’s interest in the Property are hereby assigned and shall be paid to Lender.
All Miscellaneous Proceeds that are not applied to restoration or repair of the Property shall be
applied in the order provided for in Section 2.
12. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time
for payment or modification of amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument
granted by Lender to Borrower or any Successor in Interest of Borrower shall not operate to release
the liability of Borrower or any Successors in Interest of Borrower. Lender shall not be required to
commence proceedings against any Successor in Interest of Borrower or to refuse to extend time for
payment or otherwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument by
reason of any demand made by the original Borrower or any Successors in Interest of Borrower.
Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or remedy including, without limitation, Lender’s
acceptance of ayments from third persons, entities or Successors in Interest of Borrower or in
amounts less tlgan the amount then due, shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right
or remedy.
13. Joint and Several Liability; Co—signers; Successors and Assigns Bound. Borrower
covenants and a rees that Borrower’s obligations and liability shall be joint and several. However,
any Borrower who co‘signs this Security Instrument but does not execute the Note (a "co‘signer"):
(a) is co‘signing this Security Instrument only to mortgage, grant and convey the co‘signer’s interest
in the Property under the terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not personally obligated to pay
the sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower
can agree to extend, modify, forbear or make any accommodations with regard to the terms of this
Security Instrument or the Note without the co‘signer’s consent.
Subject to the provisions of Section 18, any Successor in Interest of Borrower who assumes
Borrower’s obligations under this Security Instrument in writin , and is approved by Lender, shall
obtain all of Borrower’s rights and benefits under this Securityglnstrument. Borrower shall not be
released from Borrower’s obligations and liability under this Security Instrument unless Lender
agrees to such release in writing. The covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument shall
bind (except as provided in Section 20) and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender.
14. Loan Charges. Lender may charge Borrower fees for services performed in connection
with Borrower’s default, for the purpose of protecting Lender’s interest in the Property and rights
under this Security Instrument, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees, property inspection
and valuation fees. In regard to any other fees, the absence of express authority in this Security
Instrument to charge a specific fee to Borrower shall not be construed as a prohibition on the
charging of such fee. Lender may not charge fees that are expressly prohibited by this Security
Instrument or by Applicable Law.
Initials:
@"6l0m (°°°°) up 10 of 16 Form 3038 ‘l/O1
cv0R 03/31/08 1:29 PM 5855784903
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $106 . OO 0i+/ 0i+/ 2008 #2008-5575
TERRI L. TURI, CCC, COUNTY CLERK 02 I 05PM 10 OF 17
 

If the Loan is subject to a law which sets maximum loan charges, and that law is finally
interpreted so that the interest or other loan charges collected or to be collected in connection with
the Loan exceed the permitted limits, then: (a) any such loan charge shall be reduced by the amount
necessary to reduce the charge to the permitted limit; and (b) any sums already collected from
Borrower which exceeded permitted limits will be refunded to Borrower. Lender may choose to
make this refund by reducing the principal owed under the Note or by making a direct payment to
Borrower. If a refund reduces principal, the reduction will be treated as a partial prepayment without
any prepayment charge (whether or not a prepayment charge is provided for under the Note).
Borrower’s acceptance of any such refund made by direct payment to Borrower will constitute a
waiver of any right of action Borrower might have arising out of such overcharge.
15. Notices. All notices given by Borrower or Lender in connection with this Security
Instrument must be in writing. Any notice to Borrower in connection with this Security Instrument
shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower when mailed by first class mail or when actually
delivered to Borrower’s notice address if sent by other means. Notice to any one Borrower shall
constitute notice to all Borrowers unless Applicable Law expressly requires otherwise. The notice
address shall be the Property Address unless Borrower has designated a substitute notice address by
notice to Lender. Borrower shall promptly notify Lender of Borrower’s change of address. If Lender
specifies a procedure for reporting Borrower’s change of address, then Borrower shall only report a
change of address through that specified procedure. There may be only one designated notice address
under this Security Instrument at any one time. Any notice to Lender shall be given by delivering it
or by mailing it by first class mail to Lender’s address stated herein unless Lender has designated
another address by notice to Borrower. Any notice in connection with this Security Instrument shall
not be deemed to have been given to Lender until actually received by Lender. If any notice required
by this Security Instrument is also required under Applicable Law, the Applicable Law requirement
will satisfy the corresponding requirement under this Security Instrument.
16. Governing Law; Severability; Rules of Construction. This Security Instrument shall
be governed by federal law and the law of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. All rights
and obligations contained in this Security Instrument are subject to any requirements and
limitations of Applicable Law. Applicable Law might explicitly or implicitly allow the parties to
agree by contract or it might be silent, but such silence shall not be construed as a prohibition
against agreement by contract. In the event that any provision or clause of this Security Instrument
or the Note conflicts with Applicable Law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this
Security Instrument or the Note which can be given effect without the conflicting provision.
As used in this Security Instrument: (a) words of the masculine gender shall mean and include
corresponding neuter words or words of the feminine gender; (b) words in the singular shall mean
and include the plural and vice versa; and (0) the word "may" gives sole discretion without any
obligation to take any action.
17. Borrower’s Copy. Borrower shall be given one copy of the Note and of this Security
Instrument.
18. Transfer of the Property or a Beneficial Interest in Borrower. As used in this Section
18, "Interest in the Property" means any legal or beneficial interest in the Property, including, but
not limited to, those beneficial interests transferred in a bond for deed, contract for deed,
installment sales contract or escrow agreement, the intent of which is the transfer of title by
Borrower at a future date to a purchaser.
If all or any part of the Property or any Interest in the Property is sold or transferred (or if
Borrower is not a natural person and a beneficial interest in Borrower is sold or transferred) without
Lender’s prior written consent, Lender may require immediate payment in full of all sums secured
by this Security Instrument. However, this option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is
prohibited by Applicable Law. .
Initials:   _
@"6(OR) www page 11 or is Form 3038 1/O1
cv0R 02/at/08 1:29 PM 685578490a
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $106.00 0i+/ 04/ 2008 #2008-5575

If Lender exercises this option, Lender shall give Borrower notice of acceleration. The notice
shall provide a period of not less than 30 days from the date the notice is given in accordance with
Section 15 within which Borrower must pay all sums secured by this Security Instrument. If
Borrower fails to pay these sums prior to the expiration of this period, Lender may invoke any
remedies permitted by this Security Instrument without further notice or demand on Borrower.
19. Borrower’s Right to Reinstate After Acceleration. If Borrower meets certain
conditions, Borrower shall have the right to have enforcement of this Security Instrument
discontinued at any time prior to the earliest of: (a) five days before sale of the Property pursuant to
any power of sale contained in this Security Instrument; (b) such other period as Applicable Law
might specify for the termination of Borrower’s right to reinstate; or (c) entry of a judgment
enforcing this Security Instrument. Those conditions are that Borrower: (a) pays Lender all sums
which then would be due under this Security Instrument and the Note as if no acceleration had
occurred; (b) cures any default of any other covenants or agreements; (c) pays all expenses incurred
in enforcing this Security Instrument, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees,
property inspection and valuation fees, and other fees incurred for the purpose of protecting
Lender’s interest in the Property and rights under this Security Instrument; and (d) takes such action
as Lender may reasonably require to assure that Lender’s interest in the Property and rights under
this Security Instrument, and Borrower’s obligation to pay the sums secured by this Security
Instrument, shall continue unchanged. Lender may require that Borrower pay such reinstatement
sums and expenses in one or more of the following forms, as selected by Lender: (a) cash; (b)
money order; (c) certified check, bank check, treasurer’s check or cashier’s check, provided any such
check is drawn upon an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency, instrumentality or
entity; or (d) Electronic Funds Transfer. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security Instrument
and obligations secured hereby shall remain fully effective as if no acceleration had occurred.
However, this right to reinstate shall not apply in the case of acceleration under Section 18.
20. Sale of Note; Change of Loan Servicer; Notice of Grievance. The Note or a partial
interest in the Note (together with this Security Instrument) can be sold one or more times without
prior notice to Borrower. A sale might result in a change in the entity (known as the "Loan
Servicer") that collects Periodic Payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument and
performs other mortgage loan servicing obligations under the Note, this Security Instrument, and
Applicable Law. There also might be one or more changes of the Loan Servicer unrelated to a sale of
the Note. If there is a change of the Loan Servicer, Borrower will be given written notice of the
change which will state the name and address of the new Loan Servicer, the address to which
payments should be made and any other information RESPA requires in connection with a notice of
transfer of servicing. If the Note is sold and thereafter the Loan is serviced by a Loan Servicer other
than the purchaser of the Note, the mortgage loan servicing obligations to Borrower will remain
with the Loan Servicer or be transferred to a successor Loan Servicer(s) and are not assumed by the
Note purchaser unless otherwise provided by the Note purchaser.
Neither Borrower nor Lender may commence, join, or be joined to any judicial action (as
either an individual litigant or the member of a class) that arises from the other party’s actions
pursuant to this Security Instrument or that alleges that the other party has breached any provision
of, or any duty owed by reason of, this Security Instrument, until such Borrower or Lender has
notified the other party (with such notice given in compliance with the requirements of Section 15)
of such alleged breach and afforded the other party hereto a reasonable period after the giving of
such notice to take corrective action. If Applicable Law provides a time period which must elapse .
before certain action can be taken, that time period will be deemed to be reasonable for purposes of
this paragraph. The notice of acceleration and opportunity to cure given to Borrower pursuant to
Section 22 and the notice of acceleration given to Borrower pursuant to Section 18 shall be deemed
to satisfy the notice and opportunity to take corrective action provisions of this Section 20.
Initials:  
@'6l°m ‘°‘°°’ mg. iz ¤• is Form 3038 1/O1
cv0R 03/31/08 1:29 PM 6855784903
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $106.00 0ii/ OM 2008 #2008-55ZS

21. Hazardous Substances. As used in this Section 21: (a) "Hazardous Substances" are those
substances defined as toxic or hazardous substances, pollutants, or wastes by Environmental Law
and the following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or toxic petroleum products,
toxic pesticides and herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or formaldehyde, and
radioactive materials; (b) "Environmental Law" means federal laws and laws of the jurisdiction
where the Property is located that relate to health, safety or environmental protection; (c)
"Environmental Cleanup" includes any response action, remedial action, or removal action, as
defined in Environmental Law; and (d) an "Environmental Condition" means a condition that can
cause, contribute to, or otherwise trigger an Environmental Cleanup.
Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or release of any
Hazardous Substances, or threaten to release any Hazardous Substances, on or in the Property.
Borrower shall not do, nor allow anyone else to do, anything affecting the Property (a) that is in
violation of any Environmental Law, (b) which creates an Environmental Condition or (c) which,
due to the presence, use, or release of a Hazardous Substance, creates a condition that adversely
affects the value of the Property. The preceding two sentences shall not apply to the presence, use, or
storage on the Property of small quantities of Hazardous Substances that are generally recognized to
be appropriate to normal residential uses and to maintenance of the Property (including, but not
limited to, hazardous substances in consumer products).
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of (a) any investigation, claim, demand,
lawsuit or other action by any governmental or regulatory agency or private party involving the
Property and any Hazardous Substance or Environmental Law of which Borrower has actual
knowledge, (b) any Environmental Condition, including but not limited to, any spilling, leaking,
discharge, release or threat of release of any Hazardous Substance, and (c) any condition caused by
the presence, use or release of a Hazardous Substance which adversely affects the value of the
Property. If Borrower learns, or is notified by any governmental or regulatory authority, or any
private party, that any removal or other remediation of any Hazardous Substance affecting the
Property is necessary, Borrower shall promptly take all necessary remedial actions in accordance
with Environmental Law. Nothing herein shall create any obligation on Lender for an
Environmental Cleanup.
NON‘UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
22. Acceleration; Remedies. Lender shall give notice to Borrower prior to acceleration
following Borrower’s breach of any covenant or agreement in this Security Instrument
(but not prior to acceleration under Section 18 unless Applicable Law provides otherwise).
The notice shall specify: (a) the default; (b) the action required to cure the default; (c) a
date, not less than 30 days from the date the notice is given to Borrower, by which the
default must be cured; and (d) that failure to cure the default on or before the date
specified in the notice may result in acceleration of the sums secured by this Security
Instrument and sale of the Property. The notice shall further inform Borrower of the right
to reinstate after acceleration and the right to bring a court action to assert the
non—existence of a default or any other defense of Borrower to acceleration and sale. If the
default is not cured on or before the date specified in the notice, Lender at its option may
require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument
without further demand and may invoke the power of sale and any other remedies
permitted by Applicable Law. Lender shall be entitled to collect all expenses incurred in
pursuing the remedies provided in this Section 22, including, but not limited to,
reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of title evidence.
Initials:  
<@,·6l°Rl<°*°°* p.,. 13 of is Form seas 1/01
cv0R 02/31/09 1:29 PM 6855784903
CQOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $106.00 Oil/04/2008 #2008-3373

If Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall execute or cause Trustee to execute a
written notice of the occurrence of an event of default and of Lender’s election to cause
the Property to be sold and shall cause such notice to be recorded in each county in which
any part of the Property is located. Lender or Trustee shall give notice of sale in the
manner prescribed by Applicable Law to Borrower and to other persons prescribed by
Applicable Law. After the time required by Applicable Law, Trustee, without demand on
Borrower, shall sell the Property at public auction to the highest bidder at the time and
place and under the terms designated in the notice of sale in one or more parcels and in
any order Trustee determines. Trustee may postpone sale of all or any parcel of the
Property by public announcement at the time and place of any previously scheduled sale.
Lender or its designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee’s deed conveying the Property without
any covenant or warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee’s deed shall be
prima facie evidence of the truth of the statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the
proceeds of the sale in the following order: (a) to all expenses of the sale, including, but not
limited to, reasonable Trustee’s and attorneys’ fees; (b) to all sums secured by this
Security Instrument; and (c) any excess to the person or persons legally entitled to it.
23. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender
shall request Trustee to reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security Instrument and all
notes evidencing debt secured by this Security Instrument to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the
Property without warranty to the person or persons legally entitled to it. Such person or persons
shall pay any recordation costs. Lender may charge such person or persons a fee for reconveying the
Property, but only if the fee is paid to a third party (such as the Trustee) for services rendered and
the charging of the fee is permitted under Applicable Law.
24. Substitute Trustee. Lender may from time to time remove Trustee and appoint a
successor trustee to any Trustee appointed hereunder. Without conveyance of the Property, the
successor trustee shall succeed to all the title, power and duties conferred upon Trustee herein and by
Applicable Law.
25. Attorneys’ Fees. As used in this Security Instrument and in the Note, attorneys’ fees shall
include those awarded by an appellate court.
26. Protective Advances. This Security Instrument secures any advances Lender, at its
discretion, may make under Section 9 of this Security Instrument to protect Lender’s interest in the
Property and rights under this Security Instrument.
27. Required Evidence of Property Insurance.
WARNING
Unless you provide us with evidence of the insurance coverage as required by our contract or
loan agreement, we may purchase insurance at your expense to protect our interest. This insurance
may, but need not, also protect your interest. If the collateral becomes damaged, the coverage we
purchase may not pay any claim you make or any claim made against you. You may later cancel this
coverage by providing evidence that you have obtained property coverage elsewhere.
You are responsible for the cost of any insurance purchased by us. The cost of this insurance
may be added to your contract or loan balance. If the cost is added to your contract or loan balance,
the interest rate on the underlying contract or loan will apply to this added amount. The effective
date of coverage may be the date your prior coverage lapsed or the date you failed to provide proof
of coverage.
The coverage we purchase may be considerably more expensive than insurance you can obtain
on your own and may not satisfy any need for property damage coverage or any mandatory liability
insurance requirements imposed by Applicable Law.
lnitials: 
•@,·6l°F*’ (°4°8) my- 14 or 16 Form 3038 1/O1
cv0R ,03/31/08 1:29 PM 6855784903
COOS COUNTY CLERK,. OREGON TOTAL $106.00 0Q/ 0il/ 2008 #2008-5575
TERRT L. TURT, CCC. COUNTY CLERK 02 Z 05PM 1i+ OF 17

BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained in
this Security Instrument and in any Rider executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
Witnesses:
/é· -3])
JO . GARD I NER -BO;-;·gw•;;·
(Seal)
-Borrower
(Seal) (Seal)
-Borrower -Borrower
(Seal) (Seal)
-Borrower -Borrower
(Seal) (Seal)
-Borrower -Borrower
  (0408) Page 15 of 16 FUND    
CVOR 03/31/08 1329 PM 6855784903
COOS COUNTY CLERK. OREGON TOT/·\L $106 00 ()/.1,/QL;/2()()g #
· 2008-5575
 

STATE OF OREGON,   County ss:
On this   day of Af/* » QOO? , personally appeared the above
named
jb /·\. Q MJ in er
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be hislpg their voluntary act and deed.
My Commission Expires: L-\ -\L\·-l\ Before me:
(Official Seal)
Notary hlic f i Oregon
’ /
?\-'\-'\T‘<>-¤ <> ~A=·~»*-»~..;¤s,¢~. . <.>~:;:<.x_,·x,x
{ 9 or=F¤caAL sem. R
{   K FREEMAN 5
X   NOTARY »=~uBL¤c·onEGoN
/ ‘·l··»   MY C eoryilviassnom No. 416250  
Qt\ 0g;; ;iss•  Exp mss 
InitiaIs 
@·6l°Fl *°*°°> .».,. 16 .· is Form sosa 1/01
cvun 03/31/08 1:29 PM 6855784903
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $106 . OO 0il/  #2g)g85;3g

LEGAL DESCRIPTION
Lot 9, Block 3, Roosevelt Boulevard Park, an unrecorded plat, more particularly described as
follows: Beginning at an iron pipe in the E. J. Foley Donation land Claim No. 40 in Section 30,
Township 25 South, Range 13 West of the Willamette Meridian, Coos County, Oregon, from
which the iron pipe at the Southwest corner of said Section 30 bears South 41° 58 5/8' West
4580.97 feet; thence South 23° 34' West 200 feet to an iron pipe on the Northeasterly
boundary of the right of way of Spaw Boulevard; thence North 66° 26' West along the said
right of way boundary 100 feet; thence North 23° 34' East 200 feet; thence South 66° 26* East
100 feet to the point of beginning.
END OF LEGAL DESCRIPTION
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $106.00 04/ 04/ 2008 #2008-5575
TERRI L. TLIRT, CCC, COUNTY CLERK 02 :05PM 17 OE 17
Order No. 24-100192 I

