TRUST DEED ;
Roger Shellhart 2
2694 Crowther Drive :
Eugene, OR 97404 :
Grantor :
Northbank Property, LLC  
P.O. Box 529 :
Eugene, OR 97440 :
Beneficiary :
After Recording Return To: ;
Bradley S. Copeland :
—’}m°ld Gallaglm $3Yd8°k Pl at   nsconman sv Fmsr AMERICAN nrtr
PO. BOX Y758 · INSURANCE COMPANY OF OREGON
Lugene, OR 97440-1758 : ACCOMODATION ONLY. NO LIABILITY IS
; ACCEPTED FOR THE CONDITION OF TITLE,
·|-ax Account No- ~___—v nw , OR FOR THE VALIDITY, SUFFICIENCY,
ON EFFECT OF THIS DOCUMENT.
c‘· ‘*“‘ ce ······‘ wc ·· ·“···i···::‘··*‘: —**· ———————:;: ;;i;2:;;:::::2:::::::
DEED OF TRUST
THIS TRUST DEED, made this 25th day of March, 2008, between Roger Shellhart, as Grantor, First American Title
Insurance Company of Oregon, as Trustee, and Northbank Property, LLC, as Beneficiary,
W I T N E S S E T H:
Grantor irrevocably grants, bargains, sells and conveys to trustee in trust, with power of sale, the property in Coos
Cor nty, Oregon, described as:
See Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference.
together with all and singular, the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances and all other rights thereunto belonging or in any
way now or hereafter appertaining, and the rents, issues and profits thereof and all fixtures now or hereafter attached to or used
Il'} connection with said real estate.
FOR THE PURPOSE OF SECURING PERFORMANCE of each agreement of grantor herein contained and payment
of the sum of $70,000.00. with accrued interest costs and attomey fees according to the tenns of a Confession of Judgment
dated March 25, 2008, and a Covenant Not to File effectively dated January 18, 2008 with the final payment of principal and
interest hereof. if not sooner paid, to be due and payable on February 15, 2009.
The date of maturity ofthe debt secured by this instrument is the date stated above on which the balance due under the
Covenant Not to File becomes clue and payable. ln the event the within described property, or any part thereof, or any interest
therein is sold, agreed to be sold. conveyed, assigned or alienated by the grantor without first having obtained the written
consent or approval of the beneficiary, then, at the beneficia1y's option, all obligations secured by this instrument, irrespective of
the maturity dates expressed therein, or herein, shall become immediately due and payable.
The Real Propeny or its address is commonly known as Tax Parcel Number 173.24 in Coos County, Oregon. _
DEFINITIONS. The following words shall have the followrn g meanings when used in this Deed of Trust. Terms not otherwise
- I -
COOSTCOUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $86 . OO 04/ 04/ 2008 #2008-5585
  tiouw ctw 05 ; gow i or tz ,

defined in this Deed of Trust shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code. All references
to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America.
Beneficiary. The word "Beneficiary" means Northbank Property, LLC and their successors and assigns. Northbank
Property, LC may also be referred to as "Lender" in this Deed of Trust.
Confession of Judgment. The phrase "Confession of J udgment" means to judgment of confession signed by Grantor
g  _‘_3 2008 in favor of Beneficiary.
Covenant Not to File. The phrase "Covenant Not to File" means the agreement dated January 18, 2008 between
Grantor and Beneficiary to evidence Beneficiary’s agreement to extend payment tenns to Grantor for payment in the
amount of $70,000.00.
Deed of Trust. The phrase "Deed of Trust" means this Deed of Trust among Grantor, Lender, and Trustee, and
includes without limitation all assignment and security interest provisions relating to the Personal Property and Rents.
Grantor. The word "Grantor” means any and all persons and entities executing this Deed of Trust, including without
limitation Roger Shellhart.
Guarantor. The word "Guarantor" means and includes without limitation any and all guarantors, sureties, and
accommodation parties in connection with the Indebtedness.
Improvements. The word "Improvements" means and includes without limitation all existing and future
improvements, building, structures, mobile homes affixed on the Real Property, facilities, additions, replacements and
other construction on the Real Property.
Indebtedness. The word "Indebtedness" means all principal, interest, costs and fees payable under the Covenant Not to
File or any other Related Documents and any amounts expended or advanced by Lender to discharge obligations of
Grantor or expenses incurred by Trustee or Lender to enforce obligations of Grantor under this Deed of Trust, together
with interest on such amounts as provided in this Deed of Trust.
Personal Property. The words "Personal Property" mean all equipment, fixtures, and other articles of personal
property now or hereafter owned by Grantor, and now or hereafter attached or affixed to the Real Property; together
with all accessions, parts, and additions to, all replacements of and all substitutions for, any of such property; and
together with all proceeds (including without limitation all insurance proceeds and refunds ofpremiums) from any sale
or other disposition of the Property.
Property. The word "Property" means collectively the Real Property and the Personal Property.
Real Property. The words "Real Property" mean the property, interests and rights described above in the "Conveyance
and Grant" section.
Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean and include without limitation that certain Trust Deed of
even date between Grantor and Beneficiary covering real property located at 4694 Marshall Avenue, Eugene, Oregon
97402 (the "Agreement"), and the Confession of Judgment executed in connection with the Indebtedness.
Rents. The word "Rents" means all present and future rents, revenues, income, issues, royalties, profits, and other
benefits derived from the Property.
Trustee. The word "Trustee" means First American Title Insurance Company of Oregon and any substitute or successor
trustees.
THIS DEED OF TRUST, INCLUDING THE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE
- 2 -
C00STC0UNTY CLERK, OREGON TOT/-\L $86 . O0 04/04/2008 #2008-5585
 COUNTY CLERK 05 : 20PM 2 GE I5 g

REN TS AND PERSONAL PROPERTY, IS GIVEN TO SECURE (1) PAYMENT OF THE INDEBTEDNESS AND (2)
PERFORMANCE OF ANY AND ALL OBLIGATION S OF GRAN TOR UNDER THE COVENAN T NOT TO FILE,
THE RELATED DOCUMENTS, AND THIS DEED OF TRUST. ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT UNDER THE
C OVENANT NOT TO FILE OR ANY OF THE RELATED DOCUMENTS SHALL ALSO BE AN EVENT OF
DEFAULT UNDER THIS DEED OF TRUST. THE COVENANT NOT TO FILE AND TI-HS DEED OF TRUST ARE
GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE FOLLOWING TERMS:
PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall pay to Lender all
amounts secured by this Deed of Trust as they become due, and shall strictly and in a timely manner perform all of Grantor’s
obligations under the Covenant Not to File, this Deed of Trust, and the Related Documents.
POSSESSION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE PROPERTY. Grantor agrees that Grantor’s possession and use of the
Property shall be governed by the following provisions:
Possession and Use. Until the occurrence of an Event of Default, Grantor may (a) remain in possession and control of
the Property, (b) use, operate or manage the Property, and (c) collect any Rents from the Property. The following
provisions relate to the use of the Property or to other limitations on the Property. THIS INSTRUMENT WILL NOT
ALLOW USE OF THE PROPERTY DESCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT IN VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE
LAND USE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE
PERSON ACQUIRING FEE TITLE TO THE PROPERTY SHOULD CHECK WITH THE APPROPRIATE CITY
OR COUNTY PLANNING DEPARTMENT TO VERIFY APPROVED USES AND TO DETERMINE ANY
` LIMITS ON LAWSUITS AGAINST FARMING OR FOREST PRACTICES AS DEFINED IN ORS 30.930.
Duty to Maintain. Grantor shall maintain the Property in tenantable condition and promptly perform all repairs,
replacements, and maintenance necessary to preserve its value.
Hazardous Substances. The terms "hazardous waste," "hazardous substance," "disposal," "release," and "threatened
release," as used in this Deed of Trust, shall have the same meanings as set forth in the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. ("CERCLA"), the
Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 ("SARA"), the Hazardous Materials
Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section
6901, et seq., or other applicable state or Federal laws, rules or regulations adopted pursuant to any of the foregoing.
The terms "hazardous waste" and "hazardous substance" shall also include, without limitation, petroleum and petroleum
by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos. Grantor represents and warrants to Lender that: (a) During the period
of Grantor’s ownership ofthe Property, there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal,
release or threatened release of any hazardous waste or substance by any person on, under or about or from the
Property; (b) Grantor has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that there has been, except as previously disclosed to
and acknowledged by Lender in writing, (i) any use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release, or
threatened release of any hazardous waste or substance on, under, about or from the Property by any prior owners or
occupants of the Property or (ii) any actual or threatened litigation or claims of any kind by any person relating to such
matters; and (c) Except as previously disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, (i) neither Grantor nor any
tenant, contractor, agent or other authorized user ofthe Property shall use, generate, manufacture, store, treat, dispose
of, or release any hazardous waste or substance on, under about or from the Property and (ii) any such activity shall be
conducted in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations and ordinances, including without
limitation those laws, regulations, and ordinances described above. Grantor authorizes Lender and its agents to enter
upon the Property to make such inspections and tests, at Grantor’s expense, as Lender may deem appropriate to
determine compliance ofthe Property with this section of the Deed of Trust. Any inspections or tests made by Lender
shall be for Lender’s purposes only and shall not be construed to create any responsibility or liability on the part of
Lender to Grantor or to any other person. The representations and warranties contained herein are based on Grantor’s
due diligence in investigating the Property for hazardous waste and hazardous substances. Grantor hereby (a) releases
and waives any future claims against Lender for indemnity or contribution in the event Grantor becomes liable for
cleanup or other costs under any such laws, and (b) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Lender against any and all
claims, losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or suffer
resulting from a breach of this section of the Deed of Trust or as a consequence of any use, generation, manufacture,
- 3 -
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $86 . 00 it / —
TERRI L. TURI . CCC. COUNTY CLERK O /82 :   woggofgii

storage, disposal, release or threatened release occurring prior to Grantor’s ownership or interest in the Property,
whether or not the same was or should have been lcnown to Grantor. The provisions of this section ofthe Deed of Trust,
including the obligation to indemnify, shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness and the satisfaction and
reconveyance of the lien of this Deed of Trust and shall not be affected by Lender’s acquisition of any interest in the
Property, whether by foreclosure or otherwise.
Nuisance, Waste. Grantor shall not cause, conduct or permit any nuisance nor commit, permit, or suffer any stripping
of or waste on or to the Property or any portion of the Property. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Grantor will not remove, or grant to any other party the right to remove, any timber, minerals (including oil and gas),
soil, gravel or rock products without the prior written consent of Lender.
Removal of Improvements. Grantor shall not demolish or remove any improvements from the Real Property without
the prior written consent of Lender. As a condition to the removal of any improvements, Lender may require Grantor to
make arrangements satisfactory to Lender to replace such improvements with improvements of at least equal value.
Lender’s Right to Enter. Lender and its agents and representatives may enter upon the Real Property at all reasonable
times to attend to Lender’s interests and to inspect the Property for purposes of Grantor’s compliance with the terms and
conditions of this Deed of Trust.
Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Grantor shall promptly comply with all laws, ordinances, and
regulations, now or hereafter in effect, of all govemmental authorities applicable to the use or occupancy of the
Property, including without limitation, the Americans With Disabilities Act. Grantor may contest in good faith any such
law, ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during any proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as
Grantor has notified Lender in writing prior to doing so and so long as, in Lender’s sole opinion, Lender’s interests in
the Property are not jeopardized. Lender may require Grantor to post adequate security or surety bond, reasonably
satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender’s interest.
Duty to Protect. Grantor agrees neither to abandon nor leave unattended the Property. Grantor shall do all other acts, in
addition to those acts set forth above in this section, which from the character and use ofthe Property are reasonably
necessary to protect and preserve the Property.
DUE ON SALE -CON SENT BY LENDER. Lender may, at its option, declare immediately due and payable all sums secured
by this Deed of Trust upon the sale or transfer, without the Lender’s prior written consent, of all or any part ofthe Real Property,
or any interest in the Real Property. A "sale or transfer" means the conveyance of Real Property or any right, title or interest
therein; whether legal, beneficial or equitable; whether voluntary or involuntary; whether by outright sale, deed, installment sale
contract, land contract, contract for deed, leasehold interest with a term greater than three (3) years, lease-option contract, or by
sale, assignment, or transfer of any beneficial interest in or to any land trust holding title to the Real Property, or by any other
method of conveyance of Real Property interest. If any Grantor is a corporation, partnership or limited liability company,
transfer also includes any change in ownership of more than twenty-five percent (25%) ofthe voting stock, partnership interests
or limited liability company interests, as the case may be, of Grantor. However, this option shall not be exercised by Lender if
such exercise is prohibited by federal law or by Oregon law.
TAXES AND LIENS. The following provisions relating to the taxes and liens on the Property are a part of this Deed of Trust.
Payment. Grantor shall pay when due (and in all events prior to delinquency) all taxes, special taxes, assessments,
charges (including water and sewer), fines and impositions levied against or on account ofthe Property, and shall pay
when due all claims for work done on or for services rendered or material fumished to the Property. Grantor shall
maintain the property free of all liens having priority over or equal to the interest of Lender under this Deed of Trust.
Right to Contest. Grantor may withhold payment of any tax, assessment, or claim in connection with a good faith
dispute over the obligation to pay, so long as Lender’s interest in the Property is not jeopardized. If a lien arises or is
filed as a result of nonpayment, Grantor shall within fifteen (15) days after the lien arises or, if a lien is filed, within
fifteen (l5) days after Grantor has notice of the filing, secure the discharge of the lien, or if requested by Lender,
- 4 - o
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $86 . 00 0i+/ 0it/ 2008 #2008—5585
TERRT L. TURT . CCC. COUNTY CLERK 05 : 20PM it OF I5

deposit with Lender cash or sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender in an amount
sufficient to discharge the lien plus any costs and attomeys’ fees or other charges that could accrue as a result of a
foreclosure or sale under the lien. In any contest, Grantor shall defend itself and Lender and shall satisfy any adverse
judgment before enforcement against the Property. Grantor shall name Lender as an additional obligee under any surety
bond furnished in the contest proceedings.
Evidence of Payment. Grantor shall upon demand fumish to Lender satisfactory evidence of payment of the taxes or
assessments and shall authorize the appropriate governmental official to deliver to Lender at any time a written
statement of the taxes and assessments against the Property.
Notice of Construction. Grantor shall notify Lender at least fifteen (15) days before any work is commenced, any
services are furnished, or any materials are supplied to the Property, if any mechanic’s lien, materialmen’s lien, or other
lien could be asserted on account of the work, services, or materials. Grantor will upon request by Lender fumish to
Lender advance assurances satisfactory to Lender that Grantor can and will pay the cost of such improvements.
PROPERTY DAMAGE INSURANCE. The following provisions relating to insuring the Property are a part of this Deed of
Trust.
Maintenance of Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain policies of fire insurance with standard extended
coverage endorsements on a replacement basis for the full insurable value covering all Improvements on the Real
Property in an amount sufficient to avoid application of any coinsurance clause, and with a standard mortgagee clause
in favor ofLender. Grantor shall also procure and maintain comprehensive general liability insurance in such coverage
amounts as Lender may request with trustee and Lender being named as additional insureds in such liability insurance
policies. Additionally, Grantor shall maintain such other insurance, including but not limited to hazard, business
interruption, and boiler insurance, as Lender may reasonably require. Policies shall be written in form, amounts,
coverages and basis reasonably acceptable to Lender and issued by a company or companies reasonably acceptable to
lender. Grantor, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to time the policies or certificates of
insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that coverages will not be cancelled or diminished
without at least ten (10) days’ prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance policy also shall include an endorsement
providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired in any way by any act, omission or default of Grantor or
any other person. Should the Real Property at any time become located in an area designated by the Director of the
Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard area, Grantor agrees to obtain and maintain federal
Flood Insurance to the extent such insurance is required by Lender and is or becomes available, for the term ofthe loan
or for the full unpaid principal balance of the loan, or the maximum limit of coverage that is available, whichever is
less.
Application of Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly notify Lender of any loss or damage to the Property. Lender may
make proof ot`loss if Grantor fails to do so within fifteen (15) days ofthe casualty. Whether or not Lender’s security is
impaired. Lender may, at its election receive and retain the proceeds of any insurance and apply the proceeds to the
reduction ofthe Indebtedness, payment of any lien affecting the Property, or the restoration and repair ofthe Property.
If Lender elects to apply the proceeds to restoration and repair, Grantor shall repair or replace the damaged or destroyed
Improvements in a manner satisfactory to Lender. Lender shall, upon satisfactory proof of such expenditure, pay or
reimburse Grantor from the proceeds for the reasonable cost of repair or restoration if Grantor is not in default under
this Deed of Trust. Any proceeds which have not been disbursed within 180 days after their receipt and which Lender
has not committed to the repair or restoration of the Property shall be used first to pay any amount owing to Lender
under this Deed of Trust, then to pay accrued interest, and the remainder, if any, shall be applied to the principal
balance of the Indebtedness. If Lender holds any proceeds after payment in the full ofthe Indebtedness, such proceeds
shall be paid to Grantor as Grantor’s interest may appear.
Unexpired Insurance at Sale. Any unexpired insurance shall inure to the benefit of, and pass to, the purchaser ofthe
Property covered by this Deed of Trust at any trustee’s sale or other sale held under the provisions ofthe Deed of Trust,
or at any foreclosure sale of such property.
Grantor’s Report on Insurance. Upon request of Lender, however not more than once a year, Grantor shall fumish to
Lender a report on each existing policy of insurance showing: (a) the name of the insurer; (b) the risks insured; (c) the
- 5 -
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $86 . 00 0L+/ 0i+/ 2008 #2008-5585

amount of the policy; (d) the property insured, the then current replacement value of such property, and the manner of
determining that value; and (e) the expiration date of the policy. Grantor shall, upon request of Lender, have an
independent appraiser satisfactory to Lender determine the cash value replacement cost of the Property.
EXPENDITURES BY LENDER. If Grantor fails to comply with any provision of this Deed of Trust, or if any action or
proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lender’s interests in the Property, Lender on Grantor’s behalf may, but
shall not be required to, take any action that Lender deems appropriate. Any amount that Lender expends in so doing will bear
interest at the rate provided for in the Confession of Judgment from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of repayment
by Grantor. All such expenses, at Lender’s option, will (a) be payable on demand, (b) be added to the balance ofthe Covenant
Not to File and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment payments to become due during either (i) the term of
any applicable insurance policy or (ii) the remaining term of the Covenant Not to File, or (c) be treated as a balloon payment
which will be due and payable at the Covenant Not to F ile’s maturity pursuant to the terms of the Covenant Not to F Ile and
Reimbursement Agreement. This Deed of Trust also will secure payment of these amounts. The rights provided for in this
paragraph shall be in addition to any other rights or any remedies to which Lender may be entitled on account of the default.
Any such action by Lender shall not be construed as curing the default so as to bar Lender from any remedy that it otherwise
would have had.
WARRANTY; DEFENSE OF TITLE. The following provisions relating to ownership ofthe Property are a part of this Deed
of Trust:
Title. Grantor warrants that (a) Grantor holds good and marketable title of record to the Property in fee simple, free and
clear of all liens and encumbrances, and (b) Grantor has the full right, power, and authority to execute and deliver this
Deed of Trust to Lender.
Defense of Title. Subject to the exception in the paragraph above, Grantor warrants and will forever defend the title to
the Property against the lawful claims of all persons. In the event any action or proceeding is commenced that
questions Grantor’s title or the interest of Trustee or Lender under this Deed of Trust Grantor shall defend the action at
Grantor’s expense. Grantor may be the nominal party in such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to participate in
the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel of Lender’s own choice, and Grantor will deliver, or
cause to be delivered, to Lender such instruments as Lender may request from time to time to pennit such participation.
Compliance With Laws. Grantor warrants that the Property and Grantor’s use of the Property complies with all
A existing applicable laws, ordinances, and regulations of governmental authorities, including without limitation all
applicable environmental laws, ordinances, and regulations, unless otherwise specifically excepted in the environmental
agreement executed by Grantor and Lender relating to the Property.
(EONDEMNATION. The following provisions relating to condemnation proceedings are a part of this Deed of Trust.
Application of Net Proceeds. If all or any part ofthe Property is condemned by eminent domain proceedings or by any
proceeding or purchase in lieu of condemnation, Lender may at its election require that all or any portion of the net
proceeds of the award be applied to the Indebtedness or the repair or restoration ofthe Property. The net proceeds ofthe
award shall mean the award after payment of all reasonable costs, expenses, and attomeys’ fees incurred by Trustee or
Lender in connection with the condemnation.
Proceedings. If any proceeding in condemnation is filed, Grantor shall promptly notify Lender in writing, and Grantor
shall promptly take such steps as may be necessary to defend the action and obtain the award. Grantor may be the
nominal party in such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be represented in
the proceeding by counsel of its own choice, and Grantor will deliver or cause to be delivered to Lender such
instruments as may be requested by it from time to time to permit such participation.
IM POSITION OF TAXES, FEES AND CHARGES BY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. The following provisions
relating govemrnental taxes, fees and charges are a part of this Deed of Trust:
- 6 -
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $86 . 00 0i+/ 0i+/ 2008 #2008-5385
TERRT L. TURT .. CCC, COUNTY CLERK  

CQOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $86 . OO Oit/ 0i+/ 2008 #2008—5583
TERRI L. TURI, CCC, COUNTY CLERK OBYZOPM 7 OE I5
 
Deed of Trust and take whatever other action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender’s lien on the Real
Property. Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all taxes, as described below, together with all expenses incurred in
recording, perfecting or continuing this Deed of Trust, including without limitation all taxes, fees, documentary stamps,
and other charges for recording or registering this Deed of Trust. V
‘ L Taxes. The following shall constitute taxes to which this section applies: (a) a specific tax upon this type of Deed of
Trust or upon all or any part of the Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust; (b) a specific tax on Grantor which
Grantor is authorized or required to deduct from payments on the indebtedness secured by this type of Deed of Trust;
(c) a tax on this type of Deed of Trust chargeable against the Lender; and (d) a specific tax on all or any portion ofthe
Indebtedness or on payments of principal and interest made by Grantor.
Subsequent Taxes. If any tax to which this section applies is enacted subsequent to the date of this Deed of Trust, this
event shall have the same effect as an Event of Default (as defined below), and Lender may exercise any or all of its
available remedies for an Event of Default as provided below unless Grantor either (a) pays the tax before it becomes
delinquent, or (b) contests the tax as provided above in the Taxes and Liens section and deposits with Lender cash or a
sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender.
SECURITY AGREEMENT; FINANCING STATEMENTS. The following provisions relating to this Deed of Trust as a
security agreement are a part of this Deed of Trust.
Security Agreement. This instrument shall constitute a security agreement to the extent any ofthe Property constitutes
fixtures or other personal property, and Lender shall have all of the rights of a secured party under the Uniform
Commercial Code as amended from time to time.
Security Interest. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall execute financing statements and take whatever other action
is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender’s security interest in the Rents and Personal Property. In addition
to recording this Deed of Trust in the real property records, Lender may, at any time and without further authorization
from Grantor, file executed counterparts, copies or reproductions of this Deed of Trust as a financing statement. Grantor
shall reimburse Lender for all expenses incurred in perfecting or continuing this security interest. Upon default, Grantor
shall assemble the Personal Property in a manner and at a place reasonably convenient to Grantor and Lender and make
it available to Lender within three (3) days after receipt of written demand from Lender.
Addresses. The mailing addresses of Grantor (debtor) and Lender (secured party), from which information conceming
the security interest granted by this Deed of Trust may be obtained (each as required by the Uniform Commercial
Code), are as stated on the first page of this Deed of Trust.
FURTHER ASSURANCES; ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. The following provisions relating to further assurances and attomey-
in—fact are a part of this Deed of Trust.
Further Assurances. At any time, and from time to time, upon request of Lender, Grantor will make, execute and
deliver, or will cause to be made, executed or delivered, to Lender or to Lender’s designee, and when requested by
Lender, cause to be filed, recorded, refiled, or rerecorded, as the case may be, at such times and in such offices and
places as Lender may deem appropriate, any and all such mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, security agreements,
financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance, certificates and other documents as
may, in the sole opinion of Lender, be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate, complete, perfect, continue, or
preserve (a) the obligations of Grantor under the Covenant Not to File, this Deed of Trust, and the Related Documents,
and (b) the liens and security interests created by this Deed of Trust as second and prior liens on the Property, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired by Grantor. Unless prohibited by law or agreed to the contrary by Lender in writing,
Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the matters referred to in this
paragraph.
Attorney-in-Fact. If Grantor fails to do any of the things referred to in the preceding paragraph, Lender may do so for
and in the name of Grantor and at Grantor’s expense. For such purposes, Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints Lender as
Grantor’s attorney-in—fact for the purpose of making, executing, delivering, filing, recording, and doing all other things
'7

COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $86 . OO Oil/OQ/2008 #2008-5585
TERRT L. TORT. CCC, COUNTY CLERK O5:2OPM 8 OE 15
 
paragraph.
FULL PERFORMANCE. If Grantor pays all the Indebtedness when due, and otherwise performs all the obligations imposed
upon Grantor under this Deed of Trust, Lender shall execute and deliver to Trustee a request for full reconveyance and shall
execute and deliver to Grantor suitable statements of termination of any financing statement on file evidencing Lender’s security
interest in the Rents and the Personal Property. Any reconveyance fee required by law shall be paid by Grantor, if permitted by
- applicable law.
DEFAULT. Each ofthe following, at the option of Lender, shall constitute an event of default ("Event of Default") under this
Deed of Trust:
Default on Indebtedness. Failure of Grantor to make any payment when due on the Indebtedness.
Default on Other Payments. Failure of Grantor within the time required by this Deed of Trust and any other deed of
trust Grantor executes for the benefit of Lender to make any payment for taxes or insurance, or any other payment
necessary to prevent filing of or to effect discharge of any lien.
Environmental Default. Failure of any party to comply with or perform when due any term, obligation, covenant or
condition contained in any environmental agreement executed in connection with the Property.
Default in Favor of Third Parties. Should Grantor default under any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or
person that may materially affect any of Grantor’s property or Grantor's ability to repay the Indebtedness or perform
their respective obligations under the Covenant Not to File, this Deed of Trust or any of the Related Documents.
Compliance Default. Failure of Grantor to comply with any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this
Deed of 'Trust, the Covenant Not to File, or in any of the Related Documents.
False Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or fumished to Lender by or on behalf of Grantor
under this Deed of Tnist, the Covenant Not to File, or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any material
respect, either now or at the time made or furnished.
Defective Collateralization. This Deed of Trust or any ofthe Related Documents ceases to be in full force and effect
(including failure of any collateral documents to create a valid and perfected sectuity interest or lien) at any time and for
any reason.
Insolvency. The insolvency of Grantor, the appointment of a receiver for any part of Grantor's property, any
assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under
any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Grantor.
Foreclosure, F orfeiture, etc. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding,
self-help, repossession or any other method, by any creditor of Grantor or by any governmental agency against any of
the Property. However, this subsection shall not apply in the event of a good faith dispute by Grantor as to the validity
or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the foreclosure or forfeiture proceeding, provided that Grantor gives
Lender written notice of such claim and furnishes reserves or a surety bond for the claim satisfactory to Lender.
Breach of Other Agreement. Any breach by Grantor under the terms of any other agreement between Grantor and
Lender that is not remedied within any grace period provided therein, including without limitation any agreement
conceming any indebtedness or other obligation of Grantor to Lender, whether existing now or later.
Adverse Change. A material adverse change occurs in Grantor's financing condition, or Lender reasonably believes the
prospect of payment or performance of the Indebtedness is impaired.
` Cross Default. The occurrence of an Event of Default under this Deed of Trust shall constitute a default by
Grantor in each ofthe Related Documents and a default by Grantor in any one or more ofthe Related Documents shall
- 3 -

COOS C I
TFRR T §)UN_%R§LE§léé   TOT/lL $86 . OO 0it/ 0Li/ 2008 #2008-5585
»   _. . ., , . CLERK 05:2OPM 9 0F 15
 
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, Trustee
or Lender, at its option, may exercise any one or more of the following rights and remedies, in addition to any other rights or
remedies provided by law:
Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender shall have the right at its option without notice to Grantor to declare the entire
Indebtedness immediate due and payable, including any prepayment penalty which Grantor would be required to pay.
Foreclosure. With respect to all or any part of the Real Property, the Trustee shall have the right to foreclose by notice
and sale, and Lender shall have the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to
the full extent provided by applicable law. If this Deed of Trust is foreclosed by judicial foreclosure, Lender will be
entitled to a judgment which will provide that if the foreclosure sale proceeds are insufficient to satisfy the judgment,
execution may issue for the amount of the unpaid balance of the judgment.
UCC Remedies. With respect to all or any part of the Personal Property, Lender shall have all the rights and remedies
of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code.
Collect Rents. Lender shall have the right, without notice to Grantor, to take possession of and manage the Property
and collect the Rents including amounts past due and unpaid, and apply the net proceeds, over and above Lender’s
costs, against the indebtedness. In furtherance of this right, Lender may require any tenant or other user ofthe Property
i to make payments of rent or use fees directly to Lender. If the Rents are collected by Lender, then Grantor irrevocably
designates Lender as Grantor’s attomey-in-fact to endorse instruments received in payment thereof in the name of
Grantor and to negotiate the same and collect the proceeds. Payments by tenants or other users to Lender in response to
Lender’s demand shall satisfy the obligations for which the payments are made, whether or not any proper grounds for
the demand existed. Lender may exercise its rights under this subparagraph either in person, by agent, or through a
receiver.
Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to take possession of all or any part ofthe
Property, with the power to protect and preserve the Property, to operate the Property preceding foreclosure or sale, and
to collect the Rents from the Property and apply the proceeds, over and above the cost of the receivership, against the
Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without bond if permitted by law. Lender’s right to the appointment of a receiver
shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the Property exceeds the Indebtedness by a substantial amount.
Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from serving as a receiver.
Tenancy at Sufferance. If Grantor remains in possession of the Property after the Property is sold as provided above or
Lender otherwise becomes entitled to possession of the Property upon default of Grantor, Grantor shall become a tenant
at sufferance of Lender or the purchaser of the Property and shall, at Lender’s option, either (a) pay a reasonable rental
for the use of the Property, or (b) vacate the Property immediately upon the demand of Lender.
Other Remedies. Trustee or Lender shall have any other right or remedy provided in this Deed of Trust, the Covenant
Not to File, or any Related Agreements or by law.
Notice of Sale. Lender shall give Grantor reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale of the Personal
Property or of the time after which any private sale or other interim disposition of the Personal Property is to be made.
Reasonable notice shall mean notice given at least ten (10) days before the time of the sale or disposition. Any sale of
Personal Property may be made in conjunction with any sale of the Real Property.
Sale of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Grantor hereby waives any and all rights to have the
Property marshaled. In exercising its rights and remedies, the Trustee or Lender shall be free to sell all or any part ofthe
Property together or separately, in one sale or by separate sales. Lender shall be entitled to bid at any public sale on all
or any portion of the Property.
Waiver; Election of Remedies. A waiver by any party of a breach of a provision of this Deed of Trust shall not
constitute a waiver of or prejudice the party’s rights otherwise to demand strict compliance with that provision or any
- 9 -

COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $86 . OO OQ/OM/2008 #2008-5585
TERRY 9.. TURT. CCC, COUNTY CLERK  
oth dy provided in this Deed of Trust, the Covenant Not to F ile, or
in any Related Document, or provided by law shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make
expenditures or to take action to perform an obligation of Grantor under this Deed of Trust after failure of Grantor to
perform shall not affect Lender’s right to declare a default and to exercise any of its remedies.
Att0rneys’s Fees; Expenses. If Lender institutes any suit or action to enforce any of the tenns of this Deed of Trust,
Lender shall be entitled to recover such sum as the court may adjudge reasonable as attomeys’ fees at trial and on any
appeal. Whether or not any court action is involved all reasonable expenses incurred by Lender which in Lender’s
opinion are necessary at any time for the protection of its interest or the enforcement of its rights shall become a part of
the indebtedness payable on demand and shall bear interest at the rate of 9& per annum from the date of expenditure
until repaid. Expenses covered by this paragraph include, without limitation, however subject to any limits under
applicable law, Lender’s attomeys’ fees whether or not there is a lawsuit, including attomeys’ fees for bankruptcy
proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals and any anticipated post-
judgment collection services, the cost of searching records, obtaining title reports (including foreclosure reports),
surveyors’ reports, appraisal fees, title insurance, and fees for the Trustee, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Grantor also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums provided by law. .
Rights of Trustee. Trustee shall have all of the rights and duties of Lender as set forth in this section.
POWERS AND OBLIGATION S OF TRUSTEE. The following provisions relating to the powers and obligations of Trustee
are part of this Deed of Trust.
Powers of Trustee. In addition to all powers of Trustee arising as a matter of law, Trustee shall have the power to take
the following actions with respect to the Property upon the written request of Lender and Grantor: (a) join in preparing
and filing a map or plat of the Real Property, including the dedication of streets or other rights to the public; (b) join in
granting any easement or creating any restriction on the Real Property; and (c) join in any subordination or other
agreement affecting this Deed of Trust or the interest of Lender under this Deed of Trust.
Obligations to Notify. Trustee shall not be obligated to notify any other party of a pending sale under any other trust
deed or lien, or of any action or proceeding in which Grantor, Lender, or Trustee shall be a party, unless the action or
proceeding is brought by Trustee.
Trustee. Trustee shall meet all qualifications required for Trustee under applicable law. In addition to the rights and
remedies set forth above, with respect to all or any part ofthe Property, the Trustee shall have the right to foreclose by
notice and sale, and Lender shall have the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in accordance with
and to the full extent provided by applicable law.
Successor Trustee. Lender, at Lender’s option, may from time to time appoint a successor Trustee to any Trustee
appointed hereunder by an instrument executed and acknowledged by Lender and recorded in the office of the recorder
of Lane County, Oregon. The instrument shall contain, in addition to all other matters required by state law, the names
of the original Lender, Trustee, and Grantor, the book and page where this Deed of Trust is recorded, and the name and
address of the successor trustee, and the instrument shall be executed and acknowledged by Lender or its successors in
interest. The successor trustee, without conveyance of the Property, shall succeed to all the title power, and duties
conferred upon the Trustee in this Deed of Trust and by applicable law. This procedure for substitution of trustee shall
govem to the exclusion of all other provisions for substitution.
NOTICES TO GRANTOR AND OTHER PARTIES. Any notice under this Deed of Trust shall be in writing, may be sent
by telefacsimile, and shall be effective when actually delivered, or when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight
courier, or, if mailed, shall be deemed effective when deposited in the United States mail first class, certified or registered mail,
postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this Deed of Trust. Any party may change its address for
notices under this Deed of Trust by giving fonnal written notice to the other parties, specifying that the purpose of the notice is
to change the party’s address. All copies of notices of foreclosure from the holder of any lien which has priority over this Deed
of Trust shall be sent to Lender’s address, as shown near the beginning of this Deed of Trust. For notice purposes, Grantor
agrees to keep Lender and Trustee informed at all times of Grantor’s current address.
- 10 -

QOOST COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $86 . OO OLr/ OLt/ 2008 #2008-5385
p =ERR., Q_. :URI.. CCC,. COUNTY CLERK 05:2OPM ll OF TB
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Amendments. This Deed of Trust, together with the Covenant Not to File, and any Related Documents, constitutes the
entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters set forth in this Deed of Trust. No alteration of or
amendment to this Deed of Trust shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by the party or parties sought to
be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment.
Annual Reports. If the Property is used for purposes other than Grantor’s residence, Grantor shall furnish to Lender,
upon request, a certified statement of net operating income received from the Property during Grantor’s previous fiscal
year in such form and detail as Lender shall require. "Net operating income" shall mean all cash receipts from the
Property less all cash expenditures made in connection with the operation of the Property.
Applicable Law. This Deed of Trust has been delivered to Lender and accepted by Lender in the State of Oregon. This
Deed of Trust shall be govemed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Oregon.
Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Deed of Trust are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to .
interpret or define the provisions of this Deed of Trust.
Merger. There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Deed of Trust with any other interest or estate
in the Property at any time held or for the benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent of Lender.
Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Deed of Trust to be invalid or
unenforceable as to any person or circumstance, such finding shall not render that provision invalid or unenforceable as
to any other persons or circumstances. If feasible, any such offending provision shall be deemed to be modified to be
within the limits of enforceability or validity; however, if the offending provision cannot be so modified, it shall be
stricken and all other provisions of this Deed of Trust in all other respects shall remain valid and enforceable.
Successors and Assigns. Subject to the limitations stated in this Deed of Trust on transfer of Grantor’s interest, this
Deed of Trust shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit ofthe parties, their successors and assigns. If ownership of
the Property becomes vested in a person other than Grantor, Lender, without notice to Grantor, may deal with Grantor’s
successors with reference to this Deed of Trust and the indebtedness by way of forbearance or extension without
releasing Grantor from the obligations of this Deed of Trust or liability under the indebtedness.
Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Deed of Trust.
Waivers and Consents. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Deed of Trust (or under the
Related Documents) unless such waiver is in writing and signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender
in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver by any party of a provision of
this Deed of Trust shall not constitute a waiver of or prejudice the party‘s right otherwise to demand strict compliance
with that provision or any other provision. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any course of dealing between Lender and
Grantor, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender's rights or any of Grantor’s obligations as to any future transactions.
Whenever consent by Lender is required in this Deed of Trust, the granting of such consent by Lender in any instance
shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required.
COMMERCIAL DEED OF TRUST. Grantor agrees with Lender that this Deed of Trust is a commercial deed of trust and
that Grantor will not change the use of the Property without Lender's prior written consent.
GRAN TOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS DEED OF TRUST, AND
GRANTOR AGREES TO ITS TERMS.
  . · or: I
'   i ' i W  
fuzz cal! r_ ;.  i ¢'4~
Roger S  llha  W
b
- 1 j -

$gg§I€QUN%5RgLE§§é ¤§g83¥Y r0tAt 000.00 00/00/2000 #2000—$s0z
STATE OF OREGON )
) ss.
County of LLUIQ ) Qgpj
ftp MII Iy 2005
On this day before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally appeared Roger Shellhart to me known to be the individual
/I
described in and who executed the Deed of Trust, and acknowledged that he signed the Deed of Trust as his free and voluntary
act and deed, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.
/)   7 A A7
By:_?£ z   Residing at Tc: 2 iw O/Q
Nota Public in and for the State go My commission exp es 0 Qt Oc}
_¢‘]¥·», I  O I   EAL I
§   RACHAEL R WOLFGANG
  ;  NOTARY PUBUC-OREGON
·`·'¤ COMMISSION ND. 421146
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES SEPT 1D, 2011
- 12 -

Hrst American Title Insurance Company of Oregon File No.: 7139-11806lS
February 07, 2008 .
COOS COUNTY CLERK. OREGON TOTAL $86 . 00 04/04/2008 #2008-5585
Exhibit "A"
Real property in the County of Coos, State of Oregon, described as follows;
Parcel I:
Lot 8, Block 3, Second Addition to Sunlake Park, Coos County, Oregon.
Parcel II:
Beginning at a point which is South 625.14 feet and East 76.76 feet from the center quarter corner of
Section 10, Township 23 South, Range 12 West, Willamette Meridian, Coos County, Oregon; thence
North 82.60 feet to a point of curvature of a 170 foot radius curve to the left through a oentral angle of
34° 30' for a distance of 102.36 feet; thence North 34° 30' West 83.07 feet to a point of curvature of a
230 foot radius curve to the right through a oentral angle of 10° 50' for a distance of 43.49 feet, said
point also being on the East boundary of Lot 7, Block 3, Second Addition to Sunlake Park; thenoe along
the East boundary of said Lot 7, South 23° 40' East 21.81 feet; thence South 1° 45' West 305.00 feet;
thenoe leaving the East boundary of Lot 8, North 68° 26' 20" East 107.46 feet to the point of beginning.
Tax Parcel Number: 173.24
F0stAmenlcan Tide A

