COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66 . 00 E RECORD 0A/ 00/ 2008 #2008-555Lr
This document is being re—recorded to correct the legal in Inst 2008-3161
After Recording Retum To:
Attn: Document Control
Golf Savings Bank
PO Box 5010
Lynnwood, WA 98046
tr w ~ 0 S ra s
4 — _ AFTER RECORDTNG
RETURN TO
A 'licor Title Insurance
300 West Anderson Ave - Box 1075
Coos Bay, OR 97420-0233
  [Space Above This Line For Recording Data]  
DEED OF TRUST FHA CASE NO-
431 -4358497-703
MIN: 1002050-1000077850-6
THIS DEED OF TRUST ("Security Instrument") is made on March 27, 2008 .
The grantor is Janelle R. Jones, A Single Person, an estate in fee simple
(“Borrower"). The trustee is
Ticor Title Insurance Company
("Trustee"). The beneficiary is Mortgage
Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. ("MERS") (solely as nominee for Lender, as hereinafter defined, and Lender’s
successors and assigns). MERS is organized and existing under the laws of Delaware, and has an address and telephone
number of P.O. Box 2026, Flint, M1 48501-2026, tel. (888) 67 9-MERS. Golf Savings. Bank, a Washington Stock
Savings Bank
("Lender") is organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Washington , and
has an address of 6505 218th St SW, Ste 9, Mountlake Terrace, WA 98043
Borrower owes Lender the principal sum of Ninety Three Thousand Nine Hundred Sixteen and nol100 i
Dollars (U.S. $ 93,916.00 ).
This debt is evidenced by Borrower’s note dated the same date as this Security Instrument ("Note"), which provides for
monthly payments, with the full debt, if not paid earlier, due and payable on April 01 , 2038 .
This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment of the debt evidenced by the Note, with interest, and all
renewals, extensions and modifications of the Note; (b) the payment of all other sums, with interest, advanced under paragraph
7 to protect the security of this Security Instrument; and (c) the perfomiance of Borrower’s covenants and agreements under
this Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to Trustee, in trust, with
power of` sale, the following described property located in Coos ¢¢] County, Oregon:
Lot 28, the South 24 feet of Lot 29 and the North 8 feet of Lot.4·T, Block 67, Plat of Eastside, Coos County,
Oregon, filed December 16, 1907 in Book 3, Page 81, Plat Records of Coos County, Oregon, together with
any portion of the vacated 9th Court, which was vacated by Ordinance No. 433, recorded April 21, 1958 in
Book 264, Page 589, Deed Records of Coos County, Oregon, which would inure thereto by reason of the
vacation thereof.
OREGON FHA DEED or rnusr 6/96
GREATKES I
ITEM 2G93L1 (O205)—MER$ (Page 1 of 7 pages) To Crderdl: 1-800-968-5775 El Fax: 616-464-3498
593 -1 24847 124847
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66 . 00 05/ 51/ 2008 #2008-5161

COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66 . OO D O4/O4/2008 #2008-3554
which has the address of 722 9th Ave
{Street]
Ccvfgtgay Oregon %4g?h] (Property Address ’).
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements, appurtenances,
and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and additions shall also be covered by this Security
Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the "Property.” Borrower understands and agrees
that MERS holds only legal title to the interests granted by Borrower in this Security Instrument; but, if necessary to comply
with law or custom, MERS (as nominee for Lender and Lender’s successors and assigns) has the right: to exercise any or all
of those interests, including, but not limited to, the right to foreclose and sell the Property; and to take any action required of
Lender including, but not limited to, releasing or canceling this Security Instrument.
BORROWER COVENANT S that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby conveyed and has the right to grant
and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of record. Borrower warrants and
will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands, subject to any encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non-uniform covenants with
limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real property.
UNIFORM COVENANT S. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal, Interest and Late Charge. Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and interest on,
the debt evidenced by the Note and late charges due under the Note.
2. Monthly Payment of Taxes, Insurance, and Other Charges. Borrower shall include in each monthly payment,
together with the principal and interest as set forth in the Note and any late charges, a sum for (a) taxes and special
assessments levied or to be levied against the Property, (b) leasehold payments or ground rents on the Property, and
(c) premiums for insurance required under paragraph 4. In any year in which the Lender must pay a mortgage insurance
premium to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development ("Secretary"), or in any year in which such premium would
have been required if Lender still held the Security Instrument, each monthly payment shall also include either: (i) a sum for
the annual mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the Secretary, or (ii) a monthly charge instead of a mortgage
insurance premium if this Security Instrument is held by the Secretary, in a reasonable amount to be determined by the
Secretary. Except for the monthly charge by the Secretary, these items are called “Escrow Items" and the sums paid to
Lender are called "Escrow Funds."
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold amounts for Escrow Items in an aggregate amount not to exceed the
maximum amount that may be required for Borrower’s escrow account under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of
1974, I2 U.S.C. §260l g sg. and implementing regulations, 24 CFR Part 3500, as they may be amended from time to time
("RESPA”), except that the cushion or reserve permitted by RESPA for unanticipated disbursements or disbursements before
the Borrower’s payments are available in the account may not be based on amounts due for the mortgage insurance premium.
If the amounts held by Lender for Escrow Items exceed the amounts permitted to be held by RESPA, Lender shall
account to Borrower for the excess funds as required by RESPA. If the amounts of funds held by Lender at any time are not
sufficient to pay the Escrow Items when due, Lender may notify the Borrower and require Borrower to make up the shortage
as permitted by RESPA.
The Escrow Funds are pledged as additional security for all sums secured by this Security Instrument. If Borrower
tenders to Lender the full payment of all such sums, Borrower’s account shall be credited with the balance remaining for all
installment items (a), (b), and (c) and any mortgage insurance premium installment that Lender has not become obligated to
pay to the Secretary, and Lender shall promptly refund any excess funds to Borrower. Immediately prior to a foreclosure sale
of the Property or its acquisition by Lender, Borrower’s account shall be credited with any balance remaining for all
installments for items (a), (b), and (c).
3. Application of Payments. All payments under paragraphs l and 2 shall be applied by Lender as follows:
ERS], to the mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the Secretary or to the monthly charge by
the Secretary instead of the monthly mortgage insurance premium;
  to any taxes, special assessments, leasehold payments or ground rents, and fire, flood and other
hazard insurance premiums, as required;
IHIRD, to interest due under the Note;
  to amortization of the principal of the Note; and
HEIH, to late charges due under the Note.
OREGON FHA DEED OF TRUST
enearoocs n
ITEM 2693L2 (0205)-MERS (Page 2 af 7 pages) To Crder Gil: 1-800-968-5775 Cl Fax 616-464-3498
593-124847 124847
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66 . OO 05/ 51/ 2008 #2008—3I6l
 

` COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66 . OO Oi+/ OA/ 2008 #2008-535A
TERRI L. TURI , CCC, COUNTY CLERK m;-nr2coRD 01:52PN 5 OF 9
4. Fire, Flood and Other Hazard Insurance. Borrower shall insure all improvements on the Property, whether now in
existence or subsequently erected, against any hazards, casualties, and contingencies, including fire, for which Lender requires
insurance. This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts and for the periods that Lender requires. Borrower shall also insure
all improvements on the Property, whether now in existence or subsequently erected, against loss by floods to the extent
required by the Secretary. All insurance shall be carried with companies approved by Lender. The insurance policies and any
renewals shall be held by Lender and shall include loss payable clauses in favor of, and in a form acceptable to, Lender.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give Lender immediate notice by mail. Lender may make proof of loss if not made
promptly by Borrower. Each insurance company concemed is hereby authorized and directed to make payment for such loss
directly to Lender, instead of to Borrower and to Lender jointly. All or any part of the insurance proceeds may be applied by
Lender, at its option, either (a) to the reduction of the indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument, first to any
delinquent amounts applied in the order in paragraph 3, and then to prepayment of principal, or (b) to the restoration or repair
of the damaged Property. Any application of the proceeds to the principal shall not extend or postpone the due date of the
monthly payments which are referred to in paragraph 2, or change the amount of such payments. Any excess insurance
proceeds over an amotmt required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrtunent shall be
paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
In the event of foreclosure of this Security Instrument or other transfer of title to the Property that extinguishes the
indebtedness, all right, title and interest of Borrower in and to insurance policies in force shall pass to the purchaser.
5. Occupancy, Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Borrower’s Loan Application;
Leaseholds. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower’s principal residence within sixty days after
the execution of this Security Instrument (or within sixty days of a later sale or transfer of the Property) and shall continue to
occupy the Property as Borrower’s principal residence for at least one year after the date of occupancy, unless Lender
determines that requirement will cause tmdue hardship for Borrower, or unless extenuating circumstances exist which are
beyond Borrower’s control. Borrower shall notify Lender of any extenuating circumstances. Borrower shall not commit
waste or destroy, damage or substantially change the Property or allow the Property to deteriorate, reasonable wear and tear
excepted. Lender may inspect the Property if the Property is vacant or abandoned or the loan is in default. Lender may take
reasonable action to protect and preserve such vacant or abandoned Property. Borrower shall also be in default if Borrower,
during the loan application process, gave materially false or inaccurate information or statements to Lender (or failed to
provide Lender with any material information) in connection with the loan evidenced by the Note, including, but not limited
to, representations conceming Borrower’s occupancy of the Property as a principal residence. If this Security Instrument is
on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply with the provisions of the lease. lf Borrower acquires fee title to the Property, the
leasehold and fee title shall not be merged unless Lender agrees to the merger in writing.
6. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, in connection with any
condemnation or other taking of any part of the Property, or for conveyance in place of condemnation, are hereby assigned
and shall be paid to Lender to the extent of the full amount of the indebtedness that remains unpaid under the Note and this
Security Instrument. Lender shall apply such proceeds to the reduction of the indebtedness under the Note and this Security
Instrument, first to any delinquent amounts applied in the order provided in paragraph 3, and then to prepayment of principal.
Any application of the proceeds to the principal shall not extend or postpone the due date of the monthly payments, which are
referred to in paragraph 2, or change the amount of such payments. Any excess proceeds over an amount required to pay all
outstanding indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
7. Charges to Borrower and Protection of Lender’s Rights in the Property. Borrower shall pay all governmental
or municipal charges, fines and impositions that are not included in paragraph 2. Borrower shall pay these obligations on time
directly to the entity which is owed the payment. If failure to pay would adversely affect Lender’s interest in the Property,
upon Lender’s request Borrower shall promptly fumish to Lender receipts evidencing these payments.
If Borrower fails to make these payments or the payments required by paragraph 2, or fails to perform any other
covenants and agreements contained in this Security Instrument, or there is a legal proceeding that may significantly affect
Lender’s rights in the Property (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, for condemnation or to enforce laws or regulations), then
Lender may do and pay whatever is necessary to protect the value of the Property and Lender’s rights in the Property,
including payment of taxes, hazard insurance and other items mentioned in paragraph 2.
Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this paragraph shall become an additional debt of Borrower and be secured by
this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest from the date of disbursement at the Note rate, and at the option of
Lender shall be immediately due and payable.
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over tl1is Security Instrument unless Borrower: (a) agrees
in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable to Lender, (b) contests in good faith the
lien by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings which in the Lender’s opinion operate to prevent the
OREGON FHA DEED OF TRUST
enemuocs n
ITEM 2693L3 (0205)—MERS (Page 3 of 7 pages} To Odor CXI:1-800-968-5775 Cl Foc 616-464-3498
593-124847 124847
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66 . OO 05/ 31/ 2008 #2008—5l6l
TERRI L. TURI . CCC. COUNTY CLERK O2: 19PM 5 OE 9

‘ COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66 OO
enforcement of the lien; or (c) secures from the holder of the lien an agreement satisfactory to Lender subordinating the lien
to this Security Instrument. If Lender determines that any part of the Property is subject to a lien which may attain priority
over this Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying the lien. Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take
one or more of the actions set forth above within 10 days of the giving of notice.
8. Fees. Lender may collect fees and charges authorized by the Secretary.
9. Grounds for Acceleration of Debt.
(a) Default. Lender may, except as limited by regulations issued by the Secretary in the case of payment defaults,
require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument if :
(i) Borrower defaults by failing to pay in full any monthly payment required by this Security Instrument prior
to or on the due date of the next monthly payment, or
(ii) Borrower defaults by failing, for a period of thirty days, to perform any other obligations contained in this
Security Instrument.
(b) Sale Without Credit Approval Lender shall, if permitted by applicable law (including section 34l(d) of the
Gam-St. Gemiain Depository Institutions Act of 1982, 12 U.S.C. 170 lj -3(d)) and with the prior approval of the
Secretary, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument if:
(i) All or part of the Property, or a beneficial interest in a trust owning all or part of the Property, is sold or
otherwise transferred (other than by devise or descent), and
(ii) The Property is not occupied by the purchaser or grantee as his or her principal residence, or the purchaser
or grantee does so occupy the Property, but his or her credit has not been approved in accordance with the
requirements of the Secretary.
(c) No Waiver. If circumstances occur that would permit Lender to require immediate payment in full, but Lender
does not require such payments, Lender does not waive its rights with respect to subsequent events.
(d) Regulations of HUD Secretary. In many circumstances regulations issued by the Secretary will limit Lender’s
rights, in the case of payment defaults, to require immediate payment in full and foreclose if not paid. This
Security Instrument does not authorize acceleration or foreclosure if not permitted by regulations of the Secretary.
(e) Mortgage Not Insured. Borrower agrees that if this Security Instrtunent and the Note are not determined to be
eligible for insurance under the National Housing Act within
from the date hereof, Lender may, at its option require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this
Security Instrument. A written statement of any authorized agent of the Secretary dated subsequent to
from the date hereof, declining to insure this Security
Instrument and the Note, shall be deemed conclusive proof of such ineligibility. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this option may not be exercised by Lender when the unavailability of insurance is solely due to Lender’s failure to
remit a mortgage insurance premium to the Secretary.
10. Reinstatement. Borrower has a right to be reinstated if Lender has required immediate payment in full because of
Borrower’s failure to pay an amount due under the Note or this Security Instrument. This right applies even after foreclosure
proceedings are instituted. To reinstate the Security Instrument, Borrower shall tender in a lump stun all amounts required to
bring Borrower’s account current including, to the extent they are obligations of Borrower under this Security Instrument,
foreclosure costs and reasonable and customary attomeys’ fees and expenses properly associated with the foreclosure
proceeding. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security Instrument and the obligations that it secures shall remain in
effect as if Lender had not required immediate payment in full. However, Lender is not required to permit reinstatement if :
(i) Lender has accepted reinstatement after the commencement of foreclosure proceedings within two years immediately
preceding the commencement of a current foreclosure proceeding, (ii) reinstatement will preclude foreclosure on different
grounds in the future, or (iii) reinstatement will adversely affect the priority of the lien created by this Security Instrument.
11. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance by Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time of payment or
modification of amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender to any successor in interest
of Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of the original Borrower or Borrower’s successors in interest. Lender
shall not be required to commence proceedings against any successor in interest or refuse to extend time for payment or
otherwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrtunent by reason of any demand made by the
original Borrower or Borrower’s successors in interest. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or remedy shall
not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy.
12. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Co-Signers. The covenants and agreements of this
Security Instrument shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender and Borrower, subject to the provisions of
paragraph 9(b). Borrower’s covenants and agreements shall be joint and several. Any Borrower who co—signs this Security
Instrument but does not execute the Note: (a) is co-signing this Security Instrument only to mortgage, grant and convey that
oREcoN FHA DEED or TRUST
GREATEDCS I
ITEM 2693L4 (0205)-M ERS (PHg2 4 0f7pages} To Udlf WIC 1-800-968-5775 Cl FDC 616-464-3498
593-124847 124847
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66 . OO 05/ 51/ 2008 #2008-5161
 

. COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66 . OO 04/ 04/ 2008 #2008-335i+
TERRI L. TURI, CCC, COUNTY CLERK F*E·"*ECORD 01 3 52PM 5 QF 9
Borrower’s interest in the Property under the terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not personally obligated to pay the sums
secured by this Security Instrtunent; and (c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower may agree to extend, modify, forbear
or make any accommodations with regard to the terms of this Security Instrument or the Note without that Borrower’s
consent.
13. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by delivering it or by
mailing it by first class mail unless applicable law requires use of another method. The notice shall be directed to the Property
Address or any other address Borrower designates by notice to Lender. Any notice to Lender shall be given by first class mail
to Lender’s address stated herein or any address Lender designates by notice to Borrower. Any notice provided for in this
Security Instrument shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower or Lender when given as provided in this paragraph.
14. Governing Law; Severability. This Security Instrument shall be governed by federal law and the law of the
jurisdiction in which the Property is located. In the event that any provision or clause of this Security Instrument or the Note
conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or the Note which can
be given effect without the conflicting provision. To this end the provisions of this Security Instrument and the Note are
declared to be severable.
15. Borrower’s Copy. Borrower shall be given one conformed copy of the Note and of this Security Instrument.
16. Hazardous Substances. Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or release of any
Hazardous Substances on or in the Property. Borrower shall not do, nor allow anyone else to do, anything affecting the
Property that is in violation of any Environmental Law. The preceding two sentences shall not apply to the presence, use, or
storage on the Property of small quantities of Hazardous Substances that are generally recognized to be appropriate to normal
residential uses and to maintenance of the Property.
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of any investigation, claim, demand, lawsuit or other action by any
govemmental or regulatory agency or private party involving the Property and any Hazardous Substance or Environmental
Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge. If Borrower leams, or is notified by any govemmental or regulatory authority,
that any removal or other remediation of any Hazardous Substances affecting the Property is necessary, Borrower shall
promptly take all necessary remedial actions in accordance with Environmental Law.
As used in this paragraph 16, "Hazardous Substances” are those substances defined as toxic or hazardous substances by
Environmental Law and the following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or toxic petroletun products, toxic
pesticides and herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or formaldehyde, and radioactive materials. As used
in this paragraph I6, "Environrnental Law" means federal laws and laws of the jurisdiction where the Property is located that
relate to health, safety or environmental protection.
NON-UNIFORM COVENANT S. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
17. Assignment of Rents. Borrower unconditionally assigns and transfers to Lender all the rents and revenues of the
Property. Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender’s agents to collect the rents and revenues and hereby directs each tenant of
the Property to pay the rents to Lender or Lender’s agents. However, prior to Lender’s notice to Borrower of Borrower’s
breach of any covenant or agreement in the Security Instrument, Borrower shall collect and receive all rents and revenues of
the Property as trustee for the benetit of Lender and Borrower. This assignment of rents constitutes an absolute assignment
and not an assignment for additional security only.
If Lender gives notice of breach to Borrower: (a) all rents received by Borrower shall be held by Borrower as trustee for
benefit of Lender only, to be applied to the sums secured by the Security Instrument; (b) Lender shall be entitled to collect
and receive all of the rents of the Property; and (c) each tenant of the Property shall pay all rents due and tmpaid to Lender or
Lender’s agent on Lender’s written demand to the tenant.
Borrower has not executed any prior assignment of the rents and has not and will not perform any act that would
prevent Lender from exercising its rights under this paragraph l7.
Lender shall not be required to enter upon, take control of or maintain the Property before or after giving notice of
breach to Borrower. However, Lender or a judicially appointed receiver may do so at any time there is a breach. Any
application of rents shall not cure or waive any default or invalidate any other right or remedy of Lender. This assignment of
rents of the Property shall terminate when the debt secured by the Security Instrument is paid in full.
18. Foreclosure Procedure. If Lender requires immediate payment in full under paragraph 9, Lender may invoke the
power of sale and any other remedies pennitted by applicable law. Lender shall be entitled to collect all expenses incurred in
pursuing the remedies provided in this paragraph 18, including, but not limited to, reasonable att0meys’ fees and costs of title
evidence.
If Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall execute or cause Trustee to execute a written notice of the occurrence
of an event of default and of Lender’s election to cause the Property to be sold and shall cause such notice to be recorded in
OREGON FHA DEED OF TRUST
enennecs n
mam mats mos)-mens (Page 5 of 7 pages) To uw our 1.a¤essa.s1vs cr Fa; s1e4e+s4¤e
593-124847 124847
$gg§IC0UNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66.00 03/31/3003 #3003-3igj
 

·— COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66 . 00 04/04/2003 #2000-355;,
- ORD
each county in which any part of the Property is located. Lender or Trustee shall give notice of sale in the manner prescribed
by applicable law to Borrower and to the other persons prescribed by applicable law. After the time required by applicable
law, Trustee, without demand on Borrower, shall sell the Property at public auction to the highest bidder at the time and place
and under the terms designated in the notice of sale in one or more parcels and in any order Trustee determines. Trustee may
postpone sale of all or any parcel of the Property by public announcement at the time and place of any previously scheduled
sale. Lender or its designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee’s deed conveying the Property without any covenant or warranty,
expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee’s deed shall be prima facie evidence of the truth of the statements made
therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the following order: (a) to all expenses of the sale, including, but not
limited to, reasonable Trustee’s and attomeys’ fees, (b) to all sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) any excess to
the person or persons legally entitled to it.
If the Lender’s interest in this Security Instrument is held by the Secretary and the Secretary requires immediate
payment in full under paragraph 9, the Secretary may invoke the nonjudicial power of sale provided in the Single Family
Mortgage Foreclosure Act of 1994 ("Act”) (12 U.S.C. 3751 gt seq,.) by requesting a foreclosure commissioner designated
under the Act to commence foreclosure and to sell the Property as provided in the Act. Nothing in the preceding sentence
shall deprive the Secretary of any rights otherwise available to a Lender under this paragraph 18 or applicable law.
19. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall request Trustee to
reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security Instrument and all notes evidencing debt secured by this Security
Instrument to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the Property without warranty to the person or persons legally entitled to it. Such
person or persons shall pay any recordation costs. Lender may charge such person or persons a fee for reconveying the Property,
but only if the fee is paid to a third party (such as Trustee) for services rendered and charging of the fee is permitted under
applicable law.
20. Substitute Trustee. Lender may from time to time remove Trustee and appoint a successor trustee to any Trustee
appointed hereunder. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor trustee shall succeed to all the title, power and duties
conferred upon Trustee herein and by applicable law.
21. Att0meys’ Fees. As used in this Security Instrument and in the Note, attomeys’ fees shall include those awarded
by an appellate court.
22. Protective Advances. This Security Instrument secures any advances Lender, at its discretion, may make under
paragraph 7 of this Security Instrument to protect Lender’s interest in the Property and rights under this Security Instrument.
23. Required Evidence of Property Insurance.
WARNNG
Unless you provide us with evidence of the insurance coverage as required by our contract or loan agreement, we may
purchase insurance at your expense to protect our interest. This insurance may, but need not, also protect your interest. If the
collateral becomes damaged, the coverage we purchase may not pay any claim you make or any claim made against you. You
may later cancel this coverage by providing evidence that you have obtained property coverage elsewhere.
You are responsible for the cost of any insurance purchased by us. The cost of this insurance may be added to your
contract or loan balance. If the cost is added to your contract or loan balance, the interest rate on the underlying contract or
loan will apply to this added amount. The effective date of coverage may be the date your prior coverage lapsed or the date
you failed to provide proof of coverage.
The coverage we purchase may be considerably more expensive than insurance you can obtain on your own and may
not satisfy any need for property damage coverage or any mandatory liability insurance requirements imposed by applicable
law.
24. Riders to this Security Instrument. If one or more riders are executed by Borrower and recorded together with
this Security Instrument, the covenants of each such rider shall be incorporated into and shall amend and supplement the
covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument as if the rider(s) were a part of this Security Instrument.
[Check applicable box(es)]
E:] Condominium Rider lj Graduated Payment Rider EI Growing Equity Rider
EI Planned Unit Development Rider E] Adjustable Rate Rider Cl Rehabilitation Loan Rider
I:] Non-Owner Occupancy Rider Eg Other [Specify] Addendum 't¤ the Deed ¤f TTU$t
OREGON FHA DEED OF TRUST
emamoocs n
ITEM 2693LS (0205)-MERS (Page 6 of 7 pages} To ¤·derC¤l: 1-800-958-5775 D Fax: B16-484-3498
593-124847 124847
C
Tg3F§IC(EllNT?JRCLE(R§é   Cl ERQOTAL $66 . 00 05/51/2008 #2008-5161

{ COOS COUNTY CLERK OREGON TOTAL $66 O0 0i+/ 04/ 2008 #200
’ · me-necono $$550
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms contained in pages l through 7 of this Security
Instrument and in any rider(s) executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
  2 I 5 2   (Seal) (Seal)
  R.   ·BO!'!`0W5l‘ -B0l'1’OW€1`
(Seal) (Seal)
-Borrower -Borrower
(Seal) (Seal)
-Borrower -Borrower
Witness: Witness:
State of Oregon
COl11'1ty of Ccyy
This instnunent was acknowledged before me on   7.7; Z 00 Si (date) by
Janelle R. Jones
(person[s] acknowledging).
It " OFFICIAL SEAL
:·,·"Te,;·f; DENISE MATESKI
2 *·o;¥·i‘i,,*`* 1 NOTARY PUBLIC·OREGON
wl   c0MMISS\0N NO. 409286 Nvwry P¤b1i¤ for Oregon
, MY COMMISSI N EXPIRES OCTOBER 27. 2010
My commission expires: {9 - 2 7* lb
REQUEST FOR RECONVEYANCE
TO TRUSTEE:
The undersigned is the holder of the note or notes secured by this Deed of Trust. Said note or notes, together with all
other indebtedness secured by the Deed of Trust, have been paid in full. You are hereby directed to cancel said note or notes
and this Deed of Trust, which are delivered hereby, and to reconvey, without warranty, all the estate now held by you under
this Deed of Trust to the person or persons legally entitled thereto.
Date:  
OREGON FHA DEED OF TRUST
Tram zsssu (0205)-MER5 (Page 7af 7 pages) TOQderCh|I:1-800—96B·5775 ¤ Sm*Eil\gE2$·§49:s
593-124847 124847
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66 . 00 05/51/2008 #2008-5161
TERM *- — 

MAR-27-ZUUE lU:5EAM FROM-STERLING SAVINGS T-BUS P.UlT/¤23 F-973
· ADDENDUM TO DE` D OF TRUST
Residential Lo Program
Oregon Housing and Commun`ty Services Department
State of Or gon
The Lender intends to assign its rights under the a hed Deed of Trust to the Oregon Housing and
Community Services Department, State of Oregon (tl1_ "Departrnent"). In the event the Department
accepts such assignment, the rights and obligations o ¤ the parties to the attached Deed of Trust are
expressly made subject to this Addendum. In the eve ’t of any conflict between the provisions of this
ji, m Addendum and the provisions ofthe Deed of Trust or N `e, the provisions of this Addendum shall control.
N`) LL. ·
no 0 ·
Q OO 1. As long as this mortgage is held by the Department, o _ its successors or assigns, the Lender may declare
gs] all sums secured by this mortgage to be irrunedtately _ e and payable if
  —
a. all or part of the property is sold or otherwise ransferred by Borrower to a purchaser or other
OO Z transferee: —
8 ih
mm (i) who cannot reasonably be expected to occu the property as a principal residence within a
Pr rl-E reasonable time after the sale or transfer, all as provided in Section l43(c) and (I)(2) of the
S O lntemal Revenue Code; or
<r ·.
O (ii) who has had a present ownership interest in ·principal residence during any part of the three-
year period ending on the date of the sale or sfer, all as provided in Section 143(d) and (I)(2)
of the Internal Revenue Code (except that Tignlanguage "l00 percent" shall be substituted for
"9S percent or more" where the latter appears ` Section 143(d)(1); or
¤
5 (iii) at an acquisition cost which is greater than 90 crcent of the average area purchase price (greater
Q than 110 percent for targeted area residences), all as provided in Section l43(e) and ([)(2) of the
E Internal Revenue Code; or
E (iv) who has a gross family income in excess o =the applicable percentage of applicable median
family income as provided in Section 143(t) a d (I)(2) ofthe lntemal Revenue Code; or
0
E b. Borrower fails to occupy the property describe in the mortgage without prior written consent of
g the Lender or its successors or assigns described a the beginning of this Addendum; or
fill c. Borrower omits or misrepresents a fact that is mat rial with respect to the provisions of Section 143
Q X ofthe Internal Revenue Code in an application for: his mortgage.
oc
g References are to the Internal Revenue Code as amended and in effect on the date of issuance of
>, bonds, the proceeds of which will be used to tina ce the purchase of the mortgage, and are deemed
§ ig to include the implementing regulations.
LLJ Q '
g U 2. The Borrower understands that the agreements and _ tements of fact contained in the Addendum to
Q   Residential Loan Application are necessary condition =for granting this loan.
or 0
5 I__; 3. The Borrower agrees that no future advances will be ade under this Deed of Trust without the consent
>_ % of the Department.
E *·· WARN _G
Q _] Unless you (the Borrower) provide us (the Depart ent) with evidence of the insurance coverage as
‘·’ ,__, required by this Deed of Trust, we (the Department) ma ipurchase insurance at your expense to protect our
8 § interest. This insurance may, but need not, also protect, _our interest. lf the collateral (the Trust Property)
8 i‘.':’ becomes damaged, the coverage we purchase may not _y any claim you make or any claim made against
QJ you. You may later cancel this coverage by providing idence that you have obtained property coverage
elsewhere.
COOS COUNTY CLERK OREGON TOTAL $66 00 03/ 51/ 2008 #2008 T
I - -5 "l
TERRT L. TURI, CCC. COUNTY CLERK 02 Z 19PM 8 OEO9

MAR-ZT-2008 i¤:5TAM FROM-STERLING SAVINGS T-805 P. U18/UZ3 F-973
. You are responsible for the cost of any instu-ance pu hased by us. The cost of this insurance may be
‘- ' added to your loan balance. If the cost is added to You loan balance, the interest rate on the underlying
loan will apply to this added amount. The effective dat .of coverage may bc the date your prior coverage
lapsed or the date you failed to provide proof of coverage
The coverage we purchase may be considerably more expensive than insurance you can obtain on your
own and may not satisfy any need for property dam coverage or any mandatory liability insurance
requirements imposed by applicable law. .
§ ff The Borrower understands and agrees that the above pr visions and the interest rate set forth in the Note
if O shall be in effect only if this loan is purchased by the D artment or its assigns. If for any reason it is not
Q G so purchased, or if such purchase is rescinded, then the a ove provisions shall cease to be efective and the
Q interest rate 1nay be increased to 7.125% per annum, an _tl1e monthly installment of principal and interest
“* may be increased to $632.73. ·
2 5
Q S NOTICE T0 BORROWER: THIS DOCUMENT BSTANTIALLY MODIFIES THE TERMS
g   OF THIS LOAN. DO NOT SIGN IT UNLESS YOU AVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD IT.
  I
g I hereby consent to the modifications of the terms of th _Deed of Trust and Note which are contained in
this Addendum. `
E Date!   Bgrmwgr l
0
8 C0-Borrower _
at
52 STATE OFZOREGON )
County of ss
O On   llggé, 2.7, 2005*, before me, the undersi eil, aN0ta1·y Public in and for said County and State,
Q personally appeared the within named l V1! known to me to
g be the identical individual described in and who execut the within instrument and acknowledged to me
6* that 5 Pi i executed the same ely and voluntarily.
..l
E IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my and and affixed by official seal this day and year
T" é last above written.
5 .
>-
U ° T  
5 *2
hg E Notary Public in an for said County and State
tx ca
Ci L3 My Commission ex ires: JO / Z 7 ’/D
sa to
rz ¤.>
l.l.|
..J ¤ ·
(__) t-1 .
¤’£ Z
>— :;» _
i- i- ·
§ · ‘ ` *1** nehigglhim
...1 .   E `TLSPQ;
8 ___ (Seal) _     NOTARY eueucgiagggin
8 g ‘r.·l"` GOMMISSION NO. 409235
O LU . MYCOMMISSION EXPIRES OCTOBER 27, 2010
Q i— _
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $66 . OO O3/5172008 #ZOOg‘g%6$
TERRT L. TURT , CCC. COUNTY CLERK 02 ·  

