This instrument prepared by
And when recorded return to: BRTCOBIDED BY FIRST AIIIIERICAIII TITLE
III‘I;&,¤IsAI=ICE COMPANY OF OREGON
Facgrc & Benson LLP ~.<.,2€Ir*.I¤*;tgIgATé0N ONLY, NO LIABILITY IS
¤I2t;2;P ; E R THE CONDITION OF TITLE,
2200 Wells Fargo Center CI, RRR THE VAIIIDIIYI SUFFICIEIIICYI
90 South Seventh Street I   FFQT QF TQTS DOCUMENT-
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402-3901 § dh/0 T/D'
Attention: Stephanie J. Hill REC — NU Re IN TO:
FIDELIIY TIT STRACT C0.
~ 1415 ROI 70 EAS , ITE LL5
P&TC€1 Numbcr? ___._.__ C HIIL, III 08034- 10
Ob-! I 2,
LEASEHOLD DEED OF TRUST, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND LEASES,
SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING
THIS DOCUMENT CONSTITUTES A FIXTURE FILING INACCORDANCE
WITH ORS § 79.0502(3)
LINE OF CREDIT INSTRUMENT
This Leasehold Deed of Trust constitutes a line of credit instrument under ORS
86.155. The maximum principal amount to be advanced pursuant to the Credit Agreement
(defined below) is $48,500,000, and the maturity date of the Credit Agreement, exclusive of
any option to renew or extend such term, is February 28, 2015.
THIS LEASEHOLD DEED OF TRUST, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND
LEASES, SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING (this "Deed of Trust") is
executed as of 5/ZZ , 2008, by BICOASTAL CB, LLC, an Oregon limited liability
company ("Grantor”), in favor of FIRST AMERICAN TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY, a
California corporation ("Trustee"), for the benefit of WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as administrative agent for the Lender Parties,
as defined in the Credit Agreement described below (in such capacity, together with any
successor thereto in such capacity, the "Beneficiary"), whose address is Sixth and Marquette,
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479.
RECITALS
Bicoastal CB, LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, Bicoastal Columbia River,
LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, Bicoastal Longview, LLC, a Washington limited
liability company, Bicoastal Media, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Bicoastal Rogue
Valley, LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, Bicoastal Willamette Valley, LLC, an
Oregon limited liability company, and KPOD, LLC, a California limited liability company
(collectively, together with any other entity that becomes a borrower, the "Borrowers"),
Beneficiary and the Lender Parties are parties to a Credit Agreement dated as of even date
herewith (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Credit
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151 . 00 O4/O4/2008 #2008-5581
TERRI L. TUR1, CCC, COUNTY CLERK 05 Z 20PM 1 OF 22

Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, Beneficiary and the Lender Parties have
made available to Borrowers (i) a revolving line of credit in the aggregate original principal
amount of $5,000,000, with interest thereon at a rate or rates as set forth in the Credit Agreement
and which may be evidenced by Borrowers’ promissory notes (together with any amendment,
modification, renewal or restatement thereof and any note or notes issued in replacement or
substitution therefor, the "Revolving Notes") and (ii) a term loan in the aggregate original
principal amount of $41%,500,000, with interest thereon at a rate or rates as set forth inthe Credit
Agreement and which may be evidenced by promissory notes of Borrowers (together with any
amendment, modification, renewal or restatement thereof and any note or notes issued in
replacement or substitution therefor, the "Term Notes") (collectively, the Revolving Notes and
the Term Notes are the "Notes").
In consideration of the advances and other credit accommodations provided under the
Credit Agreement, Grantor has agreed, among other things, to execute and deliver this Deed of
Trust for the benefit of Beneficiary. A power of sale has been granted in this Deed of Trust
pursuant to which the Beneficiary may sell the collateral without going to court in a judicial
foreclosure action upon default by the Grantor under this Deed of Trust.
Grantor has determined that it is in Grantor’s best interest to enter into this Deed of Trust.
ARTICLE I. GRANT
1.1  . For the purposes and upon the terms and conditions in this Deed of Trust,
Grantor irrevocably mortgages, grants, bargains, sells, transfers, conveys and assigns, WITH A
POWER OF SALE, to Trustee, its successors and assigns, forever, with the right of entry and
possession, and grants to the Beneficiary a security interest in, all of Grantor’s right, title and
interest in: (a) all real property located in Coos County, Oregon, and described on Exhibit A
attached hereto; (b) all easements, rights-of-way and rights used in connection with or as a means
of access to any portion of said real property; (c) all tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances
thereof and thereto; (d) all right, title and interest of Grantor, now owned or hereafter acquired,
in and to any land lying within the ri ght-of-way of any street, open or proposed, adjoining said
real property, and any and all sidewalks, alleys and strips and gores of land adjacent to or used in
connection with said real property; (e) all buildings, fixtures, improvements, landscaping,
equipment and other personal property now or hereafter erected or located on said real property;
(f) all development rights, governmental or quasi- governmental licenses, permits or approvals,
zoning r`,hts and other similar rights or interests which relate to the development, use or
operation of, or that benefit or are appurtenant to, said real property; (g) all mineral rights, oil
and gas rights, air rights, water or water rights, including without limitation, all wells, canals,
ditches and reservoirs of any nature and all rights thereto, appurtenant to or associated with said
real property, whether decreed or undecreed, tributary or non-tributary, surface or underground,
appropriated or unappropriated, and all shares of stock in any water, canal, ditch or reservoir
company, and all well permits, water service contracts, drainage rights and other evidences of
any such rights; and (h) all interest or estate which Grantor now has or may hereafter acquire in
said real property and all additions and accretions thereto, and all claims, awards or payments
made for the taking of all or any portion of said real property by eminent domain or any
proceeding or purchase in lieu thereof or any damage to any portion of said real property
-2-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $15] . OO OQ/O4/2008 #2008-$$81
_ TERRT L . TUR1, CCC. COUNTY CLERK. OE I ZORN 2 OE 22

(collectively, the "Subject Property"). The listing of specific rights or property shall not be
interpreted as a limitation of general terms.
ARTICLE II. OBLIGATIONS SECURED
2.l Obligations Secured. This conveyance is made in trust, however, for the purpose
of securing the following obligations (each, a “Secured Obligation" and collectively, the
"Secured Obligations"):
(a) payment of all Obligations (as defined in the Credit Agreement),
including, without limitation, all sums at any time owing and performance of all other
obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes or the Credit Agreement, including,
without limitation, all principal, interest and fees and all other obligations under the Notes and
the Credit Agreement; and
(b) payment and performance of all obligations of Grantor under this Deed of
Trust, together with all advances, payments or other expenditures made by Trustee or
Beneficiary as or for the payment or perfonnance of any such obligations of Grantor; and
(c) payment and performance of all future advances and other obligations that
the then record owner of the Subject Property may agree to pay and/or perform (whether as
principal, surety or guarantor) for the benefit of Beneficiary, when any such advance or other
obligation is evidenced by a writing which recites that it is secured by this Deed of Trust; and
(d) all modifications, extensions and renewals of any of the Secured
Obligations (including without limitation, (i) modifications, extensions or renewals at a different
rate of interest, or (ii) deferrals or accelerations of the required principal payment dates or
interest payment dates or both, in whole or in part), however evidenced, whether or not any such
modification, extension or renewal is evidenced by a new or additional promissory note or notes.
2.2 Obligations. The term "obligations" is used herein in its most comprehensive
sense and includes any and all advances, debts, obligations and liabilities heretofore, now or
hereafter made, incurred or created, whether voluntary or involuntary and however arising,
whether due or not due, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, determined or
undetermined, joint or several, including without limitation, all principal, interest, charges,
including prepayment charges and late charges, and loan fees at any time accruing or assessed on
any such obligation.
2.3 Incorporation. All terms of the Credit Agreement and the Notes are incorporated
herein by this reference. All persons or entities who may have or acquire an interest in the
Subj ect Property are hereby deemed to have notice of the terms of the Credit Agreement and the
Notes and to have notice, if provided therein, that: (a) the Notes and the Credit Agreement may
permit borrowing, repayment and reborrowing; and (b) the rate or rates of interest on one or
more of the Notes or other Secured Obligations may vary from time to time.
2.4 Revolving Loan; Future Advances. This Deed of Trust is given to secure, among
other things, a revolving line of credit, and shall secure not only presently existing indebtedness
under the Notes and the other Loan Documents (as defined in the Credit Agreement), executed in
-3-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151 . OO 0it/  #2O%)865¥;$g1Z

connection with the Credit Agreement, but also future advances, whether such advances are
obligatory or to be made at the option of Trustee, Beneficiary or the Lender Parties, or otherwise,
as are made to the same extent as if such future advances were made on the date of the execution
of this Deed of Trust, although there may be no Obligations outstanding at the time any advance
is made. The lien of this Deed of Trust shall be valid as to all Obligations including future
advances, from the time of its filing for record in the applicable county in which the real estate is
located. The total amount of Obligations may increase or decrease from time to time, as
provided in the Credit Agreement, and any disbursements which Trustee, Beneficiary or the
Lender Parties may make under this Deed of Trust, the Notes or the Credit Agreement or any
other Loan Document (e. g., for payment of taxes, insurance premiums or other advances to
protect Beneficiary’s liens and security interests, as permitted hereby) shall be additional
Secured Obligations. This Deed of Trust is intended to and shall be valid and have priority over
all subsequent liens and encumbrances, including statutory liens, excepting solely taxes and
assessments levied on the real estate.
ARTICLE III. ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS
3.1 Assignment. For the purposes and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein,
Grantor irrevocably assigns to Beneficiary all of Grantor’s right, title and interest in, to and
under all leases, licenses, rental agreements and other agreements of any kind relating to the use
or occupancy of any of the Subject Property, whether existing as of the date hereof or at any time
hereafter entered into, together with all guarantees of and security for any tenant’s or lessee’s
performance thereunder, and all amendments, extensions, renewals and modifications thereto
(each, a "Lease" and collectively, the "Leases"), together with any and all other rents, issues and
profits of the Subject Property (collectively, "Rents"). This assignment shall not impose upon
Beneficiary any duty to produce Rents from the Subj ect Property, nor cause Beneficiary to be:
(a) a "mortgagee in possession" for any purpose; (b) responsible for performing any of the
obligations of the lessor or landlord under any Lease; or (c) responsible for any waste committed
by any person or entity at any time in possession of the Subject Property or any part thereof or
for any dangerous or defective condition of the Subject Property, or for any negligence in the
management, upkeep, repair or control of the Subject Property. This is an absolute assigmnent,
not an assignment for security only, and Beneficiary’s right to Rents is not contingent upon and
may be exercised without taking possession of the Subject Property. Grantor agrees to execute
and deliver to Beneficiary, within five (5) days of Beneficiary’s written request, such additional
documents as Beneficiary may reasonably request to further evidence the assignment to
Beneficiary of any and all Leases and Rents. Beneficiary, at Beneficiary’s option and without
notice, may notify any lessee or tenant of this assignment of the Leases and Rents.
3.2 Protection of Security. To protect the security of this assignment, Grantor agrees:
(a) At Grantor’s sole cost and expense: (i) to perfonn each obligation to be
performed by the lessor or landlord under each Lease and to enforce or secure the performance
of each obligation to be perfonned by the lessee or tenant under each Lease; (ii) not to modify
any Lease in any material respect, nor accept surrender under or tenninate the term of any Lease;
(iii) not to anticipate the Rents under any Lease; and (iv) not to waive or release any lessee or
tenant of or from any Lease obligations. Grantor assigns to Beneficiary all of Grantor’s right and
power to modify the terms of any Lease, to accept a surrender under or terminate the term of or
-4-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151 . -
p TERRI L. TUR1 , CCC, COUNTY CLERK OO   #2O28OE5g%

anticipate the Rents under any Lease, and to waive or release any lessee or tenant of or from any
Lease obligations, and any attempt on the part of Grantor to exercise any such rights or powers
without Beneficiary’s prior written consent shall be a breach of the terms hereof.
(b) At Grantor’s sole cost and expense, to defend any action in any manner
connected with any Lease or the obligations thereunder, and to pay all costs of Beneficiary,
including reasonable attomeys’ fees, in any such action in which Beneficiary may appear.
(c) That, should Grantor fail to do any act required to be done by Grantor
under a Lease, then Beneficiary, but without obligation to do so and without notice to Grantor
and without releasing Grantor Hom any obligation hereunder, may make or do the same in such
manner and to such extent as Beneficiary deems necessary to protect the security hereof; and, in
exercising such powers, Beneficiary may employ attomeys and other agents, and Grantor shall
pay necessary costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred by Beneficiary, or its agents, in the
exercise of the powers granted herein. Grantor shall give prompt notice to Beneficiary of any
default by any lessee or tenant under any Lease, and of any notice of default on the part of
Grantor under any Lease received from a lessee or tenant thereunder, together with an accurate
and complete copy thereof
(d) To pay to Beneficiary immediately upon demand all sums expended under
the authority hereof, including reasonable attomeys’ fees, together with interest thereon at the
highest rate per annum payable under any Secured Obligation, and the same, at Beneficiary’s
option, may be added to any Secured Obligation and shall be secured hereby.
3.3 License. Beneficiary confers upon Grantor a license (“License”) to collect and
retain the Rents as, but not before, they come due and payable, until the occurrence of any Event
of Default. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default (as defined in the Credit Agreement),
the License shall be automatically revoked, and Beneficiary may, at Beneficiary’s option and
without notice, either in person or by agent, with or without bringing any action, or by a receiver
to be appointed by a court: (a) enter, take possession of manage and operate the Subject
Property or any part thereof; (b) make, cancel, enforce or modify any Lease; (c) obtain and evict
tenants, fix or modify Rents, and do any acts which Beneficiary deems proper to protect the
security hereof; and (d) either with or without taking possession of the Subj ect Property, in its
own name, sue for or otherwise collect and receive all Rents, including those past due and
unpaid, and apply the same in accordance with the provisions of this Deed of Trust. The
entering and taking possession of the Subj ect Property, the collection of Rents and the
application thereof as aforesaid, shall not cure or waive any Default, nor waive, modify or affect
any notice of default hereunder, nor invalidate any act done pursuant to any such notice. The
License shall not grant to Beneficiary the right to possession, except as provided in this Deed of
Trust.
ARTICLE IV. RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES
4.1 @. Grantor warrants that, except for the Permitted Liens, as defined in the
Credit Agreement, Grantor lawfully possesses and holds fee simple title to, or if permitted by
Beneficiary in writing, a leasehold interest in, the Subject Property without limitation on the right
-5-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151.00 0it/ 0i+/ 2008 #2008-5581

to encumber, as herein provided, and that this Deed of Trust is a valid lien on the Subject
Property and all of Grantor’s interest therein.
4.2 Taxes and Assessments. Subj ect to the right, if any, of Grantor to contest
payment of the following pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, Grantor shall pay prior
to delinquency all taxes, assessments, levies and charges imposed: (a) by any public or
quasi-public authority or utility company which are or which may become a lien upon or cause a
loss in value of the Subject Property or any interest therein; or (b) by any public authority upon
Trustee or Beneficiary by reason of its interest in any Secured Obligation or in the Subj ect
Property, or by reason of any payment made to Beneficiary pursuant to any Secured Obligation;
provided however, that Grantor shall have no obligation to pay any income taxes of Beneficiary.
Promptly upon request by Benefrciary, Grantor shall furnish to Beneficiary satisfactory evidence
of the payment of all of the foregoing. Beneficiary is hereby authorized to request and receive
from the responsible governmental and non—governmental persormel written statements with
respect to the accrual and payment of any of the foregoing.
4.3 Performance of Secured Obligations. Grantor shall, and shall cause the
Borrowers to, promptly pay and perform each Secured Obligation when due.
4.4 Liens, Encumbrances and Charges. Grantor shall immediately discharge any lien
on the Subject Property that are not Permitted Liens. Except as otherwise provided in the Credit
Agreement, Grantor shall pay when due all obligations secured by or reducible to liens and
encumbrances which shall now or hereafter encumber the Subject Property, whether senior or
subordinate hereto, including without limitation, any mechanics’ liens.
4.5 Insurance. Grantor will insure the Subject Property with insurers believed by it to
be responsible and reputable in such amounts and against such risks as is usually carried by
companies engaged in similar business and owning similar properties in the same general areas
in which it operates. Grantor shall carry flood insurance as required by applicable law.
Beneficiary, by reason of accepting, rejecting, approving or obtaining insurance, shall not incur
any liability for: (a) the existence, nonexistence, form or legal sufficiency thereof; (b) the
solvency of any insurer; or (c) the payment of losses. All policies and certificates of insurance
shall name Beneficiary as mortgagee and loss payee, and shall provide that the insurance camiot
be terminated as to Beneficiary except upon a minimum of ten (1 0) days’ prior written notice to
Beneficiary. Immediately upon any request by Beneficiary, Grantor shall deliver to Beneficiary
the original of all such policies or certificates, with receipts evidencing annual prepayment of the
premiums.
4.6 Intentionally Omitted.
4.7 Damages; Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds.
(a) (i) All awards of damages and all other compensation payable directly or
indirectly by reason of a condemnation or proposed condemnation (or transfer in lieu thereof) for
public or private use affecting the Subject Property; (ii) all other claims and awards for damages
to or decrease in value of the Subj ect Property; (iii) all proceeds of any insurance policies
payable by reason of loss sustained to the Subject Property; and (iv) all interest which may
-6-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $15] . 00 04/04/2008 #2008-5381
TERRI L. TURI, CCC, COUNTY CLERK 052 ZOPN 6 OF 22

accrue on any of the foregoing, are all absolutely and irrevocably assigned to and shall be paid
directly to Beneficiary. At the absolute discretion of Beneficiary, whether or not its security is or
may be impaired, but subject to applicable law if any, and without regard to any requirement
contained in any other Section hereof Beneficiary may apply all or any of the proceeds it
receives to its expenses in settling, prosecuting or defending any such claim and apply the
balance to the Secured Obligations in any order as Beneficiary may determine in its absolute
discretion. Beneficiary may commence, appear in, defend or prosecute any assigned claim or
action, and may adjust, compromise, settle and collect all claims and awards assigned to
Beneficiary; provided however, that in no event shall Beneficiary be responsible for any failure
to collect any claim or award, regardless of the cause of the failure.
(b) At its sole option, Beneficiary may permit insurance or condemnation
proceeds held by Beneficiary to be used for repair or restoration but may impose any conditions
on such release and use as Beneficiary deems necessary in its absolute discretion; provided,
however, that Beneficiary shall make any insurance or condemnation proceeds paid to it under
this Section 4.7 available to the Grantor so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, and (ii) the aggregate amount of all such proceeds to be paid with respect to the
casualty or event giving rise to such proceeds does not exceed $50,000.
4.8 Maintenance and Preservation of Subject Property. Grantor covenants:
(a) to keep the Subj ect Property in good condition and repair, normal wear
and tear excepted;
(b) except with Beneficiary’s prior written consent, not to remove or demolish
the Subj ect Property, nor alter, restore or add to the Subj ect Property, nor initiate or acquiesce in
any change in any zoning or other land classification which affects the Subject Property;
(c) to restore promptly and in good workmanlike manner any portion of the
Subject Property which may be damaged or destroyed;
(d) to comply with and not to suffer violation of any or all of the following
which govern acts or conditions on, or otherwise affect the Subject Property: (i) laws,
ordinances, regulations, standards and judicial and administrative rules and orders;
(ii) covenants, conditions, restrictions and equitable servitudes, whether public or private; and
(iii) requirements of insurance companies and any bureau or agency which establishes standards
of insurability;
(e) not to commit or permit waste of the Subj ect Property; and
(f) to do all other acts which from the character or use of the Subj ect Property
may be reasonably necessary to maintain and preserve its value.
In no event shall the foregoing prohibit Grantor from removing or selling any property
(i) if such property is obsolete or unusable, or (ii) if such property is immediately replaced by
property of comparable or greater value and function.
-7-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151.00 04/04/2008 #2008-5581
TERRl L . TURI, CCC, COUNTY CLERK 05 Z 20PM 7 OF 22

4.9 Protection of Security. Grantor shall, at Grantor’s sole expense: (a) protect,
preserve and defend the Subject Property and Grantor’s title and right to possession of the
Subj ect Property against all adverse claims; (b) if Grantor’s interest in the Subject Property is a
leasehold interest or estate, pay and perform in a timely manner all obligations to be paid and/or
performed by the lessee or tenant under the lease or other agreement creating such leasehold
interest or estate; and (c) protect, preserve and defend the security of this Deed of Trust and the
rights and powers of Beneficiary under this Deed of Trust against all adverse claims. Grantor
shall give Beneficiary prompt notice in writing of the assertion of any claim, the filing of any
action or proceeding, or the occurrence of any damage, condemnation offer or other action
relating to or affecting the Subject Property and, if Grantor’s interest in the Subject Property is a
leasehold interest or estate, of any notice of default or demand for performance under the lease or
other agreement pursuant to which such leasehold interest or estate was created or exists.
4.10 Powers and Duties of Beneficiary. Beneficiary may, upon written request,
without obligation to do so or liability therefor and without notice: (a) release or reconvey all or
any part of the Subject Property subject to this Deed of Trust; (b) consent to the making of any
map or plat of the Subject Property; and (c) join in any grant of easement or declaration of
covenants and restrictions with respect to the Subject Property, or any extension agreement or
any agreement subordinating the lien or charge of this Deed of Trust. Beneficiary may from
time to time apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for aid and direction in the exercise or
enforcement of its rights and remedies available under this Deed of Trust, and may obtain orders
or decrees directing, confirming or approving acts in the exercise or enforcement of said rights
and remedies. Beneficiary has no obligation to notify any party of any pending sale or any
action or proceeding (including, but not limited to, actions in which Grantor, Trustee or
Beneficiary shall be a party) unless held or commenced and maintained by Beneficiary under this
Deed of Trust.
4.11 Exculpation. Beneficiary shall not directly or indirectly be liable to Grantor or
any other person or entity as a consequence of: (i) the exercise of any rights, remedies or powers
granted to Beneficiary in this Deed of Trust; (ii) the failure or refusal of Beneficiary to perform
or discharge any obligation or liability of Grantor under this Deed of Trust or any Lease or other
agreement related to the Subj ect Property; or (iii) any loss sustained by Grantor or any third party
as a result of Beneficiary’s failure to lease the Subject Property after any Event of Default or
from any other act or omission of Beneficiary in managing the Subj ect Property after any Event
of Default unless such loss is caused by the willful misconduct or gross negligence of
Beneficiary; and no such liability shall be asserted or enforced against Beneficiary, and all such
liability is hereby expressly waived and released by Grantor.
4.12 Due on Sale or Encumbrance. Except to the extent that such sale, transfer,
mortgage, assigrrrnent, encumbrance or lease is not prohibited by the Credit Agreement, if the
Subject Property or any interest therein shall be sold, transferred, mortgaged, assigned,
encumbered or leased, whether voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation of law, without
Beneficiary’s prior written consent, then Beneficiary may, at its sole option, declare all Secured
Obligations immediately due and payable in full.
4.13 Releases, Extensions, Modifications and Additional Security. Without notice to
or the consent, approval or agreement of any persons or entities having any interest at any time in
-3-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151 . 00 04/ 04/ 2008 #2008-5581
  OWOPM 8 Of 22 .

the Subject Property or in any manner obligated under any Secured Obligation (each, an
"Interested Party"), Beneficiary may, from time to time, release any Interested Party from
liability for the payment of any Secured Obligation, take any action or make any agreement
extending the maturity or otherwise altering the terms or increasing the amount of any Secured
Obligation, accept additional security, and enforce, waive, subordinate or release all or a portion
of the Subject Property or any other security for any Secured Obligation. None of the foregoing
actions shall release or reduce the personal liability of any Interested Party, nor release or impair
the priority ofthe lien of this Deed of Trust upon the Subject Property.
4.14 Release of Deed of Trust. Upon satisfaction in full of the Secured Obligations at
a time when there is no further commitment or obligation to lend on the part of Beneficiary or
the Lender Parties under the Credit Agreement or otherwise, upon written request of Grantor,
Beneficiary, without warranty, shall obtain and deliver to Grantor a reconveyance of this Deed of
Trust, at the expense of the Grantor.
4. l 5 Subrogation. Beneficiary shall be subrogated to the lien of all encumbrances,
whether or not released of record, paid in whole or in part by Trustee or Beneficiary pursuant to
this Deed of Trust or by the proceeds of any Secured Obligation.
ARTICLE V. DEFAULT PROVISIONS
5.l Intentionally Omitted.
5.2 Rights and Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default (as defined in
the Credit Agreement), and at any time thereafter, Beneficiary shall have all the following rights
and remedies:
(a) By notice to Grantor and the other Borrowers, Beneficiary may declare all
Secured Obligations immediately due and payable in full.
(b) With or without notice, without releasing Grantor from any Secured
Obligation and without becoming a Beneficiary in possession, Beneficiary may cure any Default
of Grantor and, in connection therewith; (i) Beneficiary may enter upon the Subject Property and
to do such acts and things as Beneficiary deems necessary or desirable to protect the security of
this Deed of Trust, including without limitation, to appear in and defend any action or
proceeding purporting to affect the security of this Deed of Trust or the rights or powers of
Beneficiary hereunder; (ii) Beneficiary may pay, purchase, contest or compromise any
encumbrance, charge, lien or claim of lien which, in the judgment of Beneficiary, is senior in
priority to this Deed of Trust, the judgment of Beneficiary being conclusive as between the
parties hereto; (iii) Beneficiary may obtain, and pay any premiums or charges with respect to,
any insurance required to be carried hereunder.
(c) Beneficiary may commence and maintain an action or actions in any court
of competent jurisdiction to foreclose this Deed of Trust or to obtain specific enforcement of the
covenants of Grantor under this Deed of Trust, and Grantor agrees that such covenants shall be
specifically enforceable by injunction or any other appropriate equitable remedy. For the
purposes of any suit brought under this subsection, Grantor waives the defenses of laches and
any applicable statute of limitations.
-9-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON T .
  °“”8§‘?§8€3 #”3%?§%
 

(d) Beneficiary may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for and obtain
appointment of a receiver of the Subj ect Property without bond as a matter of strict right and
without regard to: (i) the adequacy of the security for the repayment of the Secured Obligations;
(ii) the existence of a declaration that the Secured Obligations are immediately due and payable;
or (iii) the filing of a notice of default; and Grantor consents to such appointment.
(e) Beneficiary may enter upon and take and maintain possession of all or any
portion of the Subject Property, together with all documents, books, records, papers and accounts
of Grantor or the then owner of the Subject Property; Beneficiary may make or modify Leases
oi and other agreements with respect to, the Subject Property upon such terms and conditions as
Beneficiary deems proper; Beneficiary may make repairs, alterations and improvements to the
Subject Property deemed necessary, in Beneficiary’s judgment, to protect or enhance the security
hereof
(f) Beneficiary may resort to and realize upon the Subject Property and any
other security now or later held by Beneficiary concurrently or successively and in one or several
consolidated or independent actions, including without limitation, Beneficiary’s commencement
of foreclosure of this Deed of Trust nonjudicially in accordance with ORS 86.705 to 86.795 as
the same may be amended or supplemented or by judicial action or by the exercise of such other
remedies as may be available at law or equity. Grantor hereby (i) authorizes and empowers
Beneficiary to foreclose this Deed of Trust nonjudicially in accordance with ORS 86.705 to
86.795 as the same may be amended or supplemented or by action pursuant to the laws of the
state of Oregon, and (ii) grants to Beneficiary a power of` sale to sell or to require the Trustee to
sell the Subj ect Property pursuant to the power of sale hereby granted herein at public sale, and
execute and deliver to the purchaser or purchasers deeds of conveyance pursuant to the laws of
the state of Oregon, and to apply the proceeds received in accordance with the Section hereof
entitled Application of Sale Proceeds, all in such order and manner as Beneficiary shall
determine in its sole discretion.
(g) Upon sale of the Subject Property at any judicial or nonjudicial
foreclosure, Beneficiary may credit bid (as detennined by Beneficiary in its sole discretion) all or
any portion of the Secured Obligations. In determining such credit bid, Beneficiary may, but is
not obligated to, take into account all or any of the following: (i) appraisals of the Subject
Property as such appraisals may be discounted or adjusted by Beneficiary in its sole underwriting
discretion; (ii) expenses and costs incurred by Trustee or Beneficiary with respect to the Subj ect
Property prior to foreclosure; (iii) expenses and costs which Beneficiary anticipates will be
incurred with respect to the Subj ect Property after foreclosure, but prior to resale, including
without limitation, costs of structural reports and other due diligence, costs to carry the Subject
Property prior to resale, costs of resale (e. g., commissions, attomeys’ fees, and taxes), hazardous
materials clean-up and monitoring, deferred maintenance, repair, refurbishment and retrofit, and
costs of defending or settling litigation affecting the Subj ect Property; (iv) declining trends in
real property values generally and with respect to properties similar to the Subject Property;
(v) anticipated discounts upon resale of the Subj ect Property as a distressed or foreclosed
property; (vi) the existence of additional collateral, if any, for the Secured Obligations; and
(vii) such other factors or matters that Beneficiary deems appropriate. Grantor acknowledges
and agrees that: (A) Beneficiary is not required to use any or all of the foregoing factors to
determine the amount of its credit bid; (B) this Section does not impose upon Beneficiary any
-10-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151.00 04/04/2003 #3003-533;
  05 = 20PM 10 OF 22

additional obligations that are not imposed by law at the time the credit bid is made; (C) the
amount of Beneficiary’s credit bid need not have any relation to any loan-to—value ratios
specified in any agreement between Grantor and Beneficiary or previously discussed by Grantor
and Beneficiary; and (D) Beneficiary’s credit bid may be, at Beneficiary’s sole discretion, higher
or lower than any appraised value of the Subj ect Property.
(h) Beneficiary may exercise with respect to all personal property and fixtures
which are part of the Subject Property, all the rights and remedies accorded upon default to a
secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect in the State of Oregon. lf notice
to Grantor of intended disposition of such property is required by law in a particular instance,
such notice shall be deemed commercially reasonable if given to Grantor (in the mamier
specified in Section 7.4) at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the date of intended disposition.
Grantor shall pay on demand all costs and expenses incurred by Beneficiary in exercising such
rights and remedies, including, without limitation, reasonable attomeys’ fees and legal expenses.
5.3 Application of Sale Proceeds. After deducting all costs, fees and expenses of sale,
including costs of evidence of title and attorneys’ fees in connection with a sale, all proceeds of
any trustee’s sale or foreclosure sale shall be applied first, to payment of all Secured Obligations
(including without limitation, all sums expended by Trustee or Beneficiary under the terms
hereof and not then repaid, with accrued interest at the highest rate per armum payable under any
Secured Obligation), in such order and amounts as Beneficiary in its sole discretion shall
determine; and the remainder, if any, to the persons or entities legally entitled thereto.
5.4 Application of Other Sums. All Rents or other sums received by Beneficiary or
any agent or receiver hereunder, less all costs and expenses incurred by Beneficiary or such
agent or receiver, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, shall be applied to payment of the
Secured Obligations in such order as Beneficiary shall determine in its sole discretion; provided
however, that Beneficiary shall have no liability for funds not actually received by Beneficiary.
5.5 No Cure or Waiver. Neither Beneficiary’s or any receiver’s entry upon and
taking possession of the Subject Property, nor any collection of Rents, insurance proceeds,
condemnation proceeds or damages, other security or proceeds of other security, or other sums,
nor the application of any collected sum to any Secured Obligation, nor the exercise of any other
right or remedy by Beneficiary or any receiver shall impair the status of the security of this Deed
of Trust, or cure or waive any breach, Event of Default or notice of default under this Deed of
Trust, or nullify the effect of any notice of default or sale (unless all Secured Obligations and any
other sums then due hereunder have been paid in hill and Grantor has cured all other Events of
Default), or prejudice Beneficiary in the exercise of any right or remedy, or be construed as an
affirmation by Beneficiary of any tenancy, lease or option of the Subj ect Property or a
subordination of the lien of this Deed of Trust.
5.6 Costs, Expenses and Attomeys’ Fees. Grantor agrees to pay to Beneficiary on
demand all out of pocket expenses incurred by Beneficiary (including the fees, charges and
disbursements of any counsel for Beneficiary and specifically including allocated costs of
Beneficiary’s in-house counsel if not in duplication of the services of outside counsel) in
comiection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Deed of Trust,
-1]-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151. OO O4/O4/2008 #2008-5581
 

including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or
negotiations in respect of the Secured Obligations.
5.7 Power to File Notices and Cure Defaults. Grantor agrees to pay to Beneficiary on
demand all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Beneficiary (including the fees, charges and
disbursements of any counsel for Beneficiary and specifically including allocated costs of in-
house counsel if not duplication of the services of outside counsel) in connection with the
enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Deed of Trust, including all such
out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of
the Secured Obligations.
5.8 Remedies Cumulative; No Waiver. All rights, powers and remedies of
Beneficiary hereunder are cumulative and are in addition to all rights, powers and remedies
provided by law or in any other agreements between Grantor and Beneficiary. No delay, failure
or discontinuance of Beneficiary in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall affect
or operate as a waiver of such right, power or remedy; nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any such right, power or remedy preclude, waive or otherwise affect any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.
ARTICLE VI. SECURITY INTEREST AND FIXTURE FILING
6.1 Security Interest. This Deed of Trust shall constitute a security agreement with
respect to (and Grantor hereby grants Beneficiary a security interest in) all personal property and
fixtures included in the Subject Property as more specifically described in Section 1.1 of this
Deed of Trust. Beneficiary may (and Grantor hereby authorizes Beneficiary to) execute and file
any and all financing statements covering such personal property and fixtures (in a form
satisfactory to Beneficiary) which Beneficiary may reasonably consider necessary or appropriate
to perfect its security interest.
6.2 Fixture Filing. From the date of its recording, this Deed of Trust shall be
effective as a financing statement filed as a fixture filing with respect to all goods constituting
part of the Subject Property (as more particularly described in the granting clause of Section 1.1
of this Deed of Trust) which are or are to become fixtures related to the real estate described in
Exhibit A. For this purpose, the following information is set forth:
(a) Name and Address of Debtor:
Bicoastal CB, LLC
PMB 333
1 Blackfield Drive
Tiburon, CA 94920
Attention: Kemieth Dennis
Facsimile: (415) 789-5036
(b) Organizational Identification Number of Debtor: 139200-95
(c) Name and address of Secured Party:
-1 2-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151.00 04/ 04/ 2008 #2008-5581
TERM L- T'-'Rl-· @@9  

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent
MAC N9305-072
Sixth and Marquette
Minneapolis, Mimiesota 55479
(d) This document covers goods which are or are to become fixtures.
(e) The name of the record owner of the real property described in Exhibit A
is the Debtor described above.
ARTICLE VII. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
7.1 No Merger. No merger shall occur as a result of Beneficiary’s acquiring any
other estate in, or any other lien on, the Subj ect Property unless Beneficiary specifically consents
to a merger in writing.
7.2 Further Assurances. At any time and from time to time until payment in full of
the Secured Obligations, Grantor will, at the request of Beneficiary, promptly execute and
deliver to Beneficiary such additional instruments as may be reasonably required to evidence the
lien of this Deed of Trust and further to protect the security interest of Beneficiary with respect
to the Subject Property, including, without limitation, additional security agreements, financing
statements and continuation statements. Any expense incurred by Beneficiary in cormection
with the preparation and recordation of any such instruments, including, but not limited to
reasonable attomeys’ fees, shall become additional Secured Obligations secured by this Deed of
Trust. Unless Grantor and Beneficiary agree in writing to other terms of repayment, such
amounts shall be immediately due and payable, and shall bear interest from the date of
disbursement at the highest annual rate then in effect with respect to any of the Secured
Obligations.
7.3 Intentionally Omitted.
7.4 Notices. Except for notices required by law to be given in another manner, which
shall be given in the manner so required, all notices, requests and demands with respect to this
Deed of Trust shall be given and deemed received in accordance with the provisions of the
Credit Agreement. The addresses of Grantor and Beneficiary for notice purposes are as follows:
Grantor:
Bicoastal CB, LLC
PMB 333
1 Blackfield Drive
Tiburon, CA 94920
Attention: Kenneth Dennis
Facsimile: (415) 789-5036
-13-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151.00 OQ/Oh/2008 #3003-533]
TERRI L. TURI, CCC. COUNTY CLERK 95;g0pM jg gp gg
 

Beneficiary:
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent
MAC N3 05-072
Sixth and Marquette
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479
Attention: Media Finance Division
Facsimile: (612) 667-2269
Grantor requests that any and all notices of default or trustee’s sale, or as otherwise
provided by law in the exercise of power of sale, be provided to Grantor at the address set forth
herein for notices.
7.5 Successors; Assignment. This Deed of Trust shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns of
the parties hereto; provided however, that this Section does not waive the provisions of the
Section hereof entitled Due on Sale or Encumbrance.
7.6 Rules of Construction. (a) When appropriate based on the identity of the parties
or other circumstances, the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter or both, and the
singular number includes the plural; (b) the term "Subj ect Property" means all and any part of or
interest in the Subj ect Property; (c) all Section headings herein are for convenience of reference
only, are not a part of this Deed of Trust, and shall be disregarded in the interpretation of any
portion of this Deed of Trust; (d) if more than one person or entity has executed this Deed of
Trust as "Grantor," the obligations of all such Grantors hereunder shall be joint and several; and
(e) all terms of Exhibit A, and each other exhibit and/or rider attached hereto and recorded
herewith, are hereby incorporated into this Deed of Trust by this reference.
7.7 Severability of Provisions. lf any provision of this Deed of Trust shall be held to
be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity without invalidating the remainder of such provision or
any remaining provisions of this Deed of Trust.
7.8 Waiver of Marshalling. Grantor, Borrowers, any party who consents to this Deed
of Trust and any party who now or hereafter acquires a lien on the Subject Property and who has
actual or constructive notice of this Deed of Trust hereby waives any and all right to require the
marshalling of assets in connection with the exercise of any of the remedies permitted by
applicable law or provided herein.
7.9 Amendment/Modification. Any amendment to or modification of this Deed of
Trust may be in writing by and between Grantor and Beneficiary without necessity of j oinder
therein by the Trustee. No oral waiver, amendment, or modification may be implied and the
same must be in writing and executed by the party against whom enforcement is sought.
7.10 Substitution of Trustee. In case of the death or absence from the State of any
Trustee herein or of any substitute trustee appointed hereunder, or the refusal, failure or inability
of any Trustee or any substitute trustee for any reason to act hereunder, or in the event the
Beneficiary shall deem it desirable to remove without cause any Trustee or any substitute trustee
-]4-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151.00 Ol-l/ OL+/ 2008 #2008-5581
TERRT L. TUR1. CCC, COUNTY CLERK O5 I ZOPM lil OE 22

and appoint another to execute this trust, then in either or any of said events the Beneficiary shall
have the right, as provided by law, without notice to or consent of Grantor or any other party,
and is hereby authorized and empowered to appoint by instrument in writing a substitute trustee
in lieu of any Trustee herein named, who shall thereupon become vested with and succeed to all
the title, power and duties hereby conferred upon the Trustee named herein, the same as if said
substitute trustee had been named original Trustee by this instrument.
7.11 Acceptance of Trust. Trustee accepts this trust when this Deed of Trust, duly
executed and acknowledged, is made a public record as provided by law, Trustee is not
obligated to notify any party hereto of a pending sale under any other trust indenture or of any
action or proceeding in which Grantor, Beneficiary or Trustee shall be a party unless brought by
Trustee.
7.12 Governing Law. This Deed of Trust shall be govemed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State in which the Subject Property is located.
ARTICLE VIII. STATE SPECIFIC PROVISIONS
8.1 Commercial Loan. The Subj ect Property does not now and Grantor covenants
that during the term of this Deed of Trust the Subject Property will not contain any residential
structure or unit so that at no time will this Deed of Trust be a residential trust deed as defined in
ORS § 86.705(3). Grantor further covenants that this Deed of Trust secures an obligation
incurred exclusively for commercial, business or investment purposes.
8.2 Notice Pursuant to ORS 746.201 — WARNING.
Unless Grantor provides Beneficiary with evidence of the insurance coverage
required by this Deed of Trust, Beneficiary may purchase insurance at Grantor’s expense
to protect Beneficiary’s interest. This insurance may, but need not, also protect Grantor’s
interest. If the Subject Property becomes damaged, the coverage Beneficiary purchases
may not pay any claim Grantor may make or any claim made against Grantor. Grantor
may later cancel the coverage obtained by Beneficiary by providing evidence that Grantor
has obtained the insurance coverage required by this Deed of Trust elsewhere.
Grantor is responsible for the cost of any insurance purchased by Beneficiary. The
cost of that insurance may be added to the obligations secured by this Deed of Trust. If the .
cost is added, interest at the Default Rate from the date of Beneficiary’s expenditure will
apply to the added amount. The effective date of coverage may be the date Grantor’s prior
coverage lapsed or the date Grantor failed to provide proof of coverage.
The coverage purchased by Beneficiary may be considerably more expensive than
insurance Grantor may be able to obtain on its own and may not satisfy the need for
property damage coverage or any mandatory liability insurance requirements imposed by
applicable law.
8.3 ORS Chapter 93 Warning. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS
INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON TRANSFERRIN G FEE TITLE SHOULD INQUIRE ABOUT
THE PERSON’S RIGHTS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS 197.352. THIS INSTRUMENT WILL NOT
-15-
COOS COUNTY Cl-ERK, OREGON TOTAL $151. OO Oi:/Oil/2008 #2008-$$81

ALLOW USE OF THE PROPERTY DESCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT IN VIOLATION
OF APPLICABLE LAND USE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. BEFORE SIGNING OR
ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON ACQUIRING FEE TITLE TO THE
PROPERTY SHOULD CHECK WITH THE APPROPRIATE CITY OR COUNTY
PLANNING DEPARTMENT TO VERIFY APPROVED USES AND TO DETERMINE ANY
LIMITS ON LAWSUITS AGAINST FARMING OR FOREST PRACTICES AS DEFIN ED IN
ORS 30.390 AND TO INQUIRE ABOUT THE RIGHTS OF NEIGHBORING PROPERTY
OWNERS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS 197.352.
8.4 Additional Statutog Warning.
UNDER OREGON LAW, MOST AGREEMENTS, PROMISES AND
COMMITMENTS MADE BY A LENDER CONCERNING LOANS AND OTHER
CREDIT EXTENSIONS WHICH ARE NOT FOR PERSONAL, FAMILY OR
HOUSEHOLD PURPOSES OR SECURED SOLELY BY THE BORROWER’S
RESIDENCE, MUST BE IN WRITING, EXPRESS CONSIDERATION AND BE SIGNED
BY THE LENDER TO BE ENFORCEABLE.
ARTICLE IX. LEASEHOLD TRUST DEED SPECIFIC PROVISIONS.
9.1 Leasehold Interest. Grantor covenants, acknowledges and agrees that its interest
in the Subject Property is a leasehold interest pursuant to that certain unrecorded Lease dated
July 1, 2001, between Moore Mill Co., as lessor, and Grantor, as lessee (as amended the
“Lease"), and that Grantor has provided a true, complete and accurate copy of the Lease to
Beneficiary.
9.2 Representations and Warranties. Grantor hereby represents and warrants to
Beneficiary that as of the date of this Deed of Trust: (a) the Lease is in full force and effect in
accordance with its terms, unmodified by any writing or otherwise; (b) all base or minimum rent,
additional rent (if any), percentage rent, and other charges reserved in or payable under the Lease
have been paid in full to the extent that they are payable to the date hereof; (c) Grantor is the
lessee under the Lease and Grantor enjoys the quiet, peaceful and undisturbed possession of the
Subj ect Property; (d) neither Grantor nor the lessor under the Lease (“Lessor") are in default
under any of the terms of the Lease and there are no circumstances that with the passage of time,
the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default by either party under the Lease; (e) this
Deed of Trust is and shall remain a valid and enforceable lien on Grantor’s interest in the Lease;
and (f) Grantor has full power and authority to encumber its leasehold interest in the Subject
Property in the manner and form herein provided or intended hereafter to be provided.
9.3 Covenants. Grantor covenants and agrees: (a) to promptly and faithfully observe,
perform and comply with all of the terms, covenants and provisions of the Lease; (b) to refrain
from doing anything, as a result of which there could likely be a default under or breach of any
of the terms of the Lease; (c) not to do or permit any act, event or omission, as a result of which,
there is likely to occur a default or breach under the Lease; (d) to immediately give Beneficiary
notice of any default by any party under the Lease upon learning of such default and immediately
deliver to Beneficiary a copy of each notice of default and all responses to such notice of default
and all other such instruments, notices or demands received or delivered by Grantor under or in
C -16-
 f$8BiY crrrlm $m‘°° 0*/82*5883 #29285%%

connection with the Lease; (e) to immediately notify Beneficiary in writing in the event of the
initiation of any litigation or arbitration proceeding under or in connection with the Lease upon
learning of same; (f) to furnish Beneficiary with copies of such information and such other
evidence as Beneficiary may reasonably request from time to time concerning Grantor’s due
observance, perfonnance and compliance with the terms, covenants and provisions of the Lease;
and (g) the occurrence of a default on the part of Grantor as lessee under the Lease shall
constitute an immediate Event of Default by Grantor under this Deed of Trust.
9.4 Assignment; Modification. Grantor further covenants and agrees that it will not
voluntarily or involuntarily, directly or indirectly, assign, transfer or convey all or any portion of
its interest in the Lease or the Subj ect Property, nor surrender, terminate or cancel the Lease nor,
without the prior written consent of Beneficiary, fail to exercise in a timely manner any renewal
option(s) contained in the Lease nor, without the prior written consent of Beneficiary, modify,
alter or amend the Lease either orally or in writing. Any assignment, transfer, conveyance,
surrender, termination, cancellation, modification, alteration or amendment of the Lease in
contravention of the foregoing sentence shall be an immediate Event of Default by Grantor
hereunder and otherwise be void and have no force or effect.
9.5 No Release. Grantor acknowledges and agrees that no release or forbearance of
any of Grantor’s obligations under the Lease or otherwise shall release Grantor from any of its
obligations under this Deed of Trust, including without limitation the performance of all of the
terms, provisions, covenants, conditions and agreements contained in the Lease, to be kept,
performed and complied with by Grantor therein.
9.6 Defaults. In the event of a default by Grantor under the Lease or the occurrence
of an event that, with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, would constitute a default
by Grantor under the Lease (including, without limitation, any default in the payment of any
sums payable thereunder) then, in each and every such case, such event shall constitute an Event
of Default under this Deed of Trust unless cured by Grantor pursuant to the terms of the Lease
and Beneficiary may (but shall not be obligated to), in its sole discretion, cause such default or
defaults by Grantor to be remedied and otherwise take or perform such other actions as
Beneficiary may deem necessary or desirable as a result thereof of or in connection therewith.
Grantor shall, on demand, reimburse Beneficiary for all advances made and expenses incurred by
Beneficiary in curing any such default(s) (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’
fees), together with interest thereon at the Default Rate from the date the same is paid in full to
Beneficiary and all such sums so advanced shall be secured by this Deed of Trust. The
provisions of this subsection are in addition to any other right or remedy given to or allowed
Beneficiary under the Lease, this Deed of Trust or otherwise.
9.7 Cancellation or Termination. If the Lease is canceled or terminated and
Beneficiary or its nominee shall acquire an interest in any new lease of the Subject Property,
Grantor shall have no right, title or interest in or to the new lease or the leasehold estate created
by such new lease. Furthermore, Grantor shall take no action under the Lease which is intended
to terminate the Lease (including any sublease) of any part of the Subj ect Property without
Beneficiary’s prior written consent.
-j7-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151.00 Oil/OQ/2008 #2008-5581
TERRT L. TURI . CCC, COUNTY CLERK 05 5 20PM 17 OF 22 j

9.8 Estoppel Certificate. Subject to the fact that Lessor may not have an obligation to
deliver an estoppel certificate, Grantor shall, from time to time, use reasonable efforts to obtain
and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to Beneficiary, within fifteen (15) days after written
demand therefor by Beneficiary, an estoppel certificate from Lessor certifying to such matters as
Beneficiary may require, including without limitation, the following: (a) the name of the lessee
entitled to possession of the Property under the Lease; (b) that the Lease is in full force and effect
and has not been modified or, if it has been modified, the date of each such modification
(together with copies of each modification); (c) the date to which the fixed (or base) rent has
been paid under the Lease, (d) the dates to which all other fees or charges have been paid under
the Lease; (e) whether any notice of default has been sent to Grantor, as lessee, under the Lease
which has not been cured, and if such notice has been sent, the date it was sent and the nature of
the default; (f) to the best of Lessor’s knowledge, whether Grantor, as lessee, under the Lease is
V in default in keeping, observing or performing any term, covenant, agreement, provisions,
condition or limitation contained in the Lease; (g) if Grantor, as lessee, under the relevant Lease
shall be in default, the nature of the default in reasonable detail; and (h) any other information
about the Lease or Grantor’s tenancy requested by Beneficiary.
9.9 No Liability. Notwithstanding anything contained herein or otherwise to the
contrary, neither Trustee nor Beneficiary shall have any liability or obligation under the Lease by
virtue of its acceptance of this Deed of Trust. Grantor acknowledges and agrees that Beneficiary
shall be liable for the obligations of the tenant arising under a Lease for only that period of time,
if any, during which Beneficiary is in possession of the Subject Property or has acquired, by
foreclosure, power of sale or otherwise, and is holding, all of Grantor’s right, title and interest as
tenant therein.
9.lO Bankruptcy. Notwithstanding anything contained herein or otherwise to the
contrary, Grantor hereby assigns, transfers and sets over to Beneficiary any and all rights and
interests that may arise in favor of Grantor in connection with or as a result of the bankruptcy or
insolvency of Landlord, or any other owner of the Subj ect Property, including, without
limitation, all of Grantor’s right, title and interest in, to and under §365 of the Bankruptcy Code
(ll U.S.C. §365), as the same may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time.
9.11 No Merger. It is hereby agreed by the parties that the fee title currently vested in
Lessor, or other owner of the Property, and the Lease currently held by Grantor shall not merge
but shall always be kept separate and distinct, notwithstanding the union of such estates in either
Lessor, or another owner of the Property (or its successors and assigns), Grantor or a third party,
whether by purchase or otherwise. lf Grantor acquires such fee title or any other estate, title or
interest in such property, or any part thereof the lien of this Deed of Trust shall automatically
spread and attach to, cover and be a lien upon such acquired estate, title or interest and the same
shall thereupon and thereafter be and become a part of the premises encumbered hereby with the
same force and effect as if specifically encumbered herein. Grantor agrees to execute all
instruments and documents which Beneficiary may reasonably require to ratify, confirm and
further evidence Beneficiary’s lien on the acquired estate, title or interest. Furthermore, Grantor
hereby appoints Beneficiary its true and lawful attorney-in-fact to execute and deliver all such
instruments and documents in the name and on behalf of Grantor. This power, being coupled
with an interest, shall be irrevocable as long as the indebtedness secured hereby remains unpaid.
-jg-
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151.00 Ob/Oh/2008 #2008-3581
  92 22

9.12 Conflict with Lease. lf any provision of this Deed of Trust conflicts with any
provision of the Lease (including, without limitation, provisions addressing insurance proceeds
and/or condemnation proceeds), the provisions of this Deed of Trust shall control.
9.13 Priority. Subj ect to the provisions of this Deed of Trust regarding Grantor’s
assignment of leases and rents to Beneficiary, the Lease (including any subleases) of the whole
or any part of the Subject Property shall be subject and subordinate to the lien of this Deed of
Trust, unless Beneficiary consents in writing to the priority of the Lease; provided, however,
Beneficiary may require, at its option, that the Lease be made superior to the lien of this Deed of
Trust (but not with respect to the priority of entitlement to insurance proceeds, condemnation
awards or any intervening judgment liens unless otherwise expressly agreed to by Beneficiary).
Grantor shall pay all costs incident to making the Lease superior to such lien, including
reasonable attomeys’ fees.
fb.us.2542264.01
-19-
COOS COUNTY Cl-ERK, OREGON TOTAL $151 . OO O/4/OL&(28(g§‘ #2Og86§3§§

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Grantor has executed this Deed of Trust as of the date first set
forth above. `
BICOASTAL CB, LLC, an Oregon limited liability
company
By:  
Name:   E  
Its: {   {QQ {lbf)
STATE OF  
COUNTY OF Lg A )
On   [ @8 , 2008, before me,     ~ Leu/ig , a notary public,
personally appeared   { gm QQ K. W I I $077   (or proved to me on the
basis of satisfactory evidence) to be the person whose name is subscribed to this instrument and
acknowledged to me that he or she executed the same in his or her authorized capacity of
{Leg  ( QA of E }QQQ$·ffiP;i   éiwp Lf Q , and that by his or her signature on
this instrument, or the entity upon behalf of which the person acted, executed this instrument.
WITNESS my hand and official seal
‘r,  , tr t  -5Q
A ykd A ” · (Place Notary Seal Above)
Signatu  otary Public _
  notary runue - Cumcmlc {
  A it L¤k• county ‘
 
[Signature Page t0 Deed of T rust, Assignment 0f Rents and Leases,
Security Agreement and Fixture Filing]
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151.00 04/OQ/2008 #2008-3581

EXHIBIT A
Description of Real Property
NE 1/4NEl/4, NW1/4NE1/4, SW1/4NEl/4, SE1/4NEl/4, NE1/4SE1/4, NW1/4SE1/4,
SE1/4SE1/4 of Section 29, All in Township 28 South, Range 13, W.W.M.
NW1/4SW1/4, SW1/4NWl/4 of Section 4
Lots 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, SE1/4NW1/4, NE1/4SW1/4, SE1/4SWl/4 of Section 6
NE1/4NEl/4, NW1/4NE1/4, SW1/4NEl/4, SE1/4NE1/4, NW1/4SE1/4, SW1/4SE1/4 of Section
8
NE1/4NW1/4, NW1/4NWl/4 of Section 9
NW1/4NE1/4, SW1/4NE1/4, NE1/4NW1/4, NW1/4NW1/4, SW1/4NWl/4, SE1/4NW1/4 of
Section 14
NE1/4NE1/4, NW1/4NWl/4, SW1/4NWl/4 of Section 15
NW1/4NEl/4, SW1/4NE1/4, SE1/4NE1/4, SW1/4SWl/4, NE1/4SE1/4, NW1/4SEl/4 of Section
17
NW1/4NWl/4, SW1/4NW1/4, SE1/4NWl/4 of Section 20
SE1/4SW1/4, SW1/4SEl/4 of Section 21
SE1/4NW1/4, SW1/4SWl/4, SE1/4SWl/4, NW1/4SEl/4, SW1/4SE1/4, SE1/4SEl/4 of Section
27
SW1/4SW1/4, SE1/4SWl/4, NE1/4SE1/4, SW1/4SE1/4, SE1/4SEl/4 of Section 28
NW1/4NE1/4, SW1/4NEl/4, NEI/4SEl/4, NW1/4SEl/4, SW1/4SEl/4, SE1/4SEl/4 of Section
29
NE1/4SW1/4, NW1/4SW1/4, SW1/4SWl/4, SE1/4SW1/4 of Section 32
NW1/4NE1/4, SW1/4NEl/4, NE1/4NW1/4, NW1/4NWl/4, SW1/4NWl/4, SE1/4NWl/4 of
Section 33
NW1/4NE1/4, SW1/4NEl/4, NE1/4NW1/4, NW1/4NW1/4, SW1/4NW1/4, SE1/4NWl/4,
NE1/4SWl/4, NW1/4SW1/4 SW1/4SWl/4, SE1/4SW1/4 of Section 34
All in Township 29 South, Range 13 W.W.M.
Lots 3, 4, of Section 3
Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 20, of Section 6
SE1/4NWl/4, NE1/4SW1/4, NW1/4SWl/4, SW1/4SW1/4 of Section 8
NE1/4SE1/4, NW1/4SE1/4 of Section 9
Lots 1, 2, 4, of Section 18
SW1/4NE1/4, N1/2SEl/4NEl/4, S1/2SEl/4NW1/4 of Section 20
All in Township 30 South, Range 13 W.W.M.
Lot 1, SE1/4NEl/4, NEI/4SEl/4 of Section 1
SE1/4SW1/4, SW1/4SE1/4 of Section 11
S1/2 of Lot 13 of Section 12
NE1/4 ofLot 4, S1/2SW1/4 of Lot 4, S1/2NW1/4 ofLot 4, all of Section 13
NE1/4SW1/4, NW1/4SW1/4 of Section 16
NE1/4SE1/4, SE1/4SE1/4 of Section 25
NE1/4NE1/4, SE1/4NE1/4, NE1/4SE1/4 of Section 27
B-1
COOS COUNTY CLERK, OREGON TOTAL $151.00 04/ 04/ 2008 #2008-5581

NEI/4SEl/4, SE1/4SEl/4 of Section 36
All in Township 29 South, Range 14, W.W.M.
Lot 11, SE1/4SWl/4, SW1/4SEl/4 of Section 1
Lots 6, 7, NEI/4SEl/4 of Section 2
SE1/4NWl/4, North 39 Rods of E1/2SWl/4 of Section 23
NW1/4NWl/4 of Section 24
All in Township 30 South, Range 14, W.W.M., Coos County, Oregon, reserving to the grantor
the oil, mineral, and gas in said premises, and also reserving a 60 foot in width right of way
through said premises.
000s c00N1Y CLERK, 0RE00N TOTAL $151.00 0¤/gg(§ggg #2gg80§5§%

