‘ - / D 7 C0 Lf} yi i nescnurzs counrv o•=n=xe'i§L naee¤¤sT   hi
NRNCY BLIINKENSHIP , COUNTY CLERK  
0ll!7'7!!2!00 '· ’· Z4524!13  131          
H-DT Cnhl Stn¤3 PG I U
$05.00 $11.00 $10.00 $5.00
WHEN RECORDED RETURN TO:
UNITUS COMMUNITY CREDIT UNION
P.O. BOX 1937
PORTLAND, OR 97207-1937
\ G) This space provided for Recorder’s Use
DEED OF TRUST
Grantor(s): JACK A BOWER
CORALISS M BOWER
Grantee(s): UNITUS COMMUNITY CREDIT UNION
, Beneficiary
Legal Description:
Lot Three (3), Block Thirty-Five (35), WIESTORIA, recorded August 1, 1918, in Cabinet A, Page 24
Deschutes County, Oregon.
Assessor’s Property Tax Parcel or Account No.:
THIS DEED OF TRUST IS DATED C0 Z   |O% , , among Grantor, whose address is
723 NE NORTON AVE BEND, OR 97701 , Unitus Community Credit Union,
whose address is P.O. Box 1937, Portland, OR 97207-1937 (referred to below sometimes as "Lender" and
sometimes as "Beneficiary"); and Kevin P. Moran, Attorney at Law ("Trustee"),
whose address is 9057 Washington Ave NW Silverdale, WA 98383 .
This Deed of Trust secures a promis ory note dated     I   ` Q QGQ , in the amount of $ 66,500.00 .
maturity date of the note is `fi  Q `   Q .
CON VEYAN CE AND GRANT. For valuable consideration, Grantor conveys to Trustee for the benefit of Lender as
Beneficiary all of Grantor's right, title, and interest in and to the above described real property, together with all existing
or subsequently erected or affixed buildings, improvements and fixtures; all easements, rights of way, and appurtenances;
all water, water rights and ditch rights (including stock in utilities with ditch or irrigation rights); and all other rights,
royalties, and profits relating to the real property, including without limitation all minerals, oil, gas, geothermal and
similar matters, located in Deschutes County, State of OREGON (the "Real Property").
Grantor presently assigns to Lender all of Grantor's right, title, and interest in and to all present and future leases of the
Property and all Rents from the Property. In addition, Grantor grants Lender a Uniform Commercial Code security
interest in the Rents and the Personal Property defined below.
DEFINITIONS. The following words shall have the following meanings when used in this Deed of Trust. Terms not
otherwise defmed in this Deed of Trust shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial
Code. All references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America.
Page 1 - DEED OF TRUST  
Atter recording, mum to
Amerimie
15 OREGON AVENUE. BEND

‘ · l
Beneficiary. The word "Beneficiary" means Unitus Community Credit Union, its successors and assigns. Unitus j
Community Credit Union also is referred to as "Lender" in this Deed of Trust.
Deed of Trust. The words "Deed of Trust" mean this Deed of Trust among Grantor, Lender, and Trustee, and
includes without limitation all assignment and security interest provisions relating to the Personal Property and
Rents.
Grantor. The word "Grantor" means any and all persons and entities executing this Deed of Trust, including
without limitation those persons set forth above.
Guarantor. The word "Guarantor" means and includes without limitation, any and all guarantors, sureties, and
accommodation parties in comrection with the Indebtedness
Improvements. The word "Improvements" means and includes without limitation all existing and future
improvements, fixtures, buildings, structures, mobile homes affixed on the Real Property, facilities, additions and
, other construction on the Real Property.
Indebtedness. The word "Indebtedness" means all principal and interest payable under the Note and any amounts
expended or advanced by Lender to discharge obligations of Grantor or expenses incurred by Trustee or Lender to
enforce obligations of Grantor under this Deed of Trust, together with interest on such amounts as provided in this
Deed of Trust. In addition to the Note, the word "indebtedness" includes all obligations, debts and liabilities, plus
interest thereon, of Grantor or any one or more of them, whether arising now or later, whether related or unrelated
to the purpose of the Note, whether voluntary or otherwise, whether due or not due, absolute or contingent,
liquidated or unliquidated and whether Grantor may be liable individually or jointly with others, whether obligated
as guarantor or otherwise, and whether recovery upon such Indebtedness may be or hereafier may become barred by
any statute of limitations, and whether such Indebtedness may be or hereafter may become otherwise unenforceable.
Note. The word "Note" means the Note specified above, from Grantor to Lender, together with all renewals,
extensions, modifications, refmancings, and substitutions for the Note. The rate of interest on the Note is subject to
indexing, adjustment, renewal, or renegotiation. The maturity date of the Note is as set forth on page 1 of this
instrument.
Personal Property. The words "Personal Property" mean all equipment, fixtures, and other articles of personal
property now or hereafter owned by Grantor, and now or hereafter attached or affixed to the Real Property; together
with all accessions, parts, and additions to, all replacements of, and all substitutions for, any of such property; and
together with all proceeds (including without limitation all insurance proceeds and refunds of premiums) from any
sale or other disposition of the Property.
Property. The word "Property" means collectively the Real Property and the Personal Property.
Real Property. The words "Real Property" mean the property, interests and rights described above in the
"Conveyance and Grant" section.
Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean and include without limitation all promissory notes,
credit agreements, loan agreements, guaranties, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, and all other
instruments, agreements and documents, whether now or hereafter existing, executed in connection with the
Indebtedness.
Rents. The word "Rents" means all present and future rents, revenues, income, issues, royalties, profits, and other
benefits derived from the Property.
Page 2 · DEED OF TRUST

THIS DEED OF TRUST, INCLUDING THE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE
RENTS AND PERSONAL PROPERTY, IS GIVEN TO SECURE (1) PAYMENT OF THE INDEBTEDNESS AND
(2) PERFORMANCE OF ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS OF GRANTOR UNDER THE NOTE, THE RELATED
DOCUMENTS, AND THIS DEED OF TRUST. THIS DEED OF TRUST IS GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE
FOLLOWING TERMS:
PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust, Borrower shall pay to
Lender all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust as it becomes due, and Borrower and Grantor shall strictly perform
all their respective obligations under the Note, this Deed of Trust, and the Related Documents.
POSSESSION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE PROPERTY. Grantor agrees that Grantor’s possession and use of
the Property shall be govemed by the following provisions:
Possession and Use. Until the occurrence of an Event of Default, Grantor may (a) remain in possession and control
ofthe Property, (b) use, operate or manage the Property, and (c) collect any Rents from the Property. The following
provisions relate to the use of the Property or to other limitations on the Property. THIS INSTRUMENT WILL
NOT ALLOW USE OF THE PROPERTY DESCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT IN VIOLATION OF
APPLICABLE LAND USE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS
INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON ACQUIRING FEE TITLE TO THE PROPERTY SHOULD CHECK WITH THE
APPROPRIATE CITY OR COUNTY PLANNING DEPARTMENT TO VERIFY APPROVED USES.
Duty to Maintain. Grantor shall maintain the Property in tenantable condition and promptly perform all repairs,
replacements, and maintenance necessary to preserve its value.
Hazardous Substances. The terms "hazardous waste," "hazardous substance," "disposal," "release," and
"threatened release," as used in this Deed of Trust, shall have the same meanings as set forth in the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq.
("CERCLA"), the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986,Pub. L. No. 99-499 ("SARA"), the
Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery
Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or Federal laws, rules, or regulations adopted
pursuant to any ofthe foregoing. Grantor represents and warrants to Lender that: (a) During the period of Grantor’s
ownership ofthe Property, there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or
threatened release of any hazardous waste or substance by any person on, under, or about the Property; (b) Grantor
has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that there has been, except as previously disclosed to and acknowledged
by Lender in writing, (i) any use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release, or threatened
release of any hazardous waste or substance by any prior owners or occupants ofthe Property or (ii) any actual or
threatened litigation or claims of any kind by any person relating to such matters; and (c) Except as previously
disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, (i) neither Grantor nor any tenant, contractor, agent or other
authorized user of the Property shall use, generate, manufacture, store, treat, dispose of, or release any hazardous
waste or substance on, under, or about the Property and (ii) any such activity shall be conducted in compliance with
all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations and ordinances, including without limitation those laws,
regulations, and ordinances described above. Grantor authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Property to
make such inspections and tests as Lender may deem appropriate to determine compliance ofthe Property with this
section ofthe Deed of Trust. Any inspections or tests made by Lender shall be for Lender’s purposes only and shall
not be construed to create any responsibility or liability on the part of Lender to Grantor or to any other person. The
representations and warranties contained herein are based on Grantor’s due diligence in investigating the Property
for hazardous waste. Grantor hereby (a) releases and waives any future claims against Lender for indemnity or
contribution in the event Grantor becomes liable for cleanup or other costs under any such laws, and (b) agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless Lender against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, and expenses
which Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or suffer resulting from a breach of this section ofthe Deed of Trust
or as a consequence of any use, generation, manufacture, storage, disposal, release or threatened release occurring
prior to Grantor’ s ownership or interest in the Property, whether or not the same was or should have been known to
Page 3 - DEED OF TRUST

Grantor. The provisions of this section ofthe Deed of Trust, including the obligation to indemnify, shall siu·vive the
payment ofthe Indebtedness and the satisfaction and reconveyance ofthe lien of this Deed of Trust and shall not be
affected by Lender’s acquisition of any interest in the Property, whether by foreclosure or otherwise.
Nuisance, Waste. Grantor shall not cause, conduct or permit any nuisance nor commit, permit, or suffer any
stripping of or waste on or to the Property or any portion of the Property. Specifically without limitation, Grantor
will not remove, or grant to any other party the right to remove, any timber, minerals (including oil and gas), soil,
gravel or rock products without the prior written consent of Lender.
Removal of Improvements. Grantor shall not demolish or remove any Improvements from the Real Property
without the prior written consent of Lender. As a condition to the removal of any Improvements, Lender may
require Grantor to make arrangements satisfactory to Lender to replace such Improvements with Improvements of at
least equal value.
Lender’s Right to Enter. Lender and its agents and representatives may enter upon the Real Property at all
reasonable times to attend to Lender’s interests and to inspect the Property for purposes of Grantor’s compliance
with the terms and conditions of this Deed of Trust.
Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Grantor shall promptly comply with all laws, ordinances, and
regulations, now or hereafter in effect, of all governmental authorities applicable to the use or occupancy of the
Property. Grantor may contest in good faith any such law, ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during
any proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Grantor has notified Lender in writing prior to doing so
and so long as, in Lender’ s sole opinion, Lender’ s interests in the Property are not jeopardized. Lender may require
Grantor to post adequate security or a surety bond, reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender’s interest.
Duty to Protect. Grantor agrees neither to abandon nor leave unattended the Property. Grantor shall do all other
acts, in addition to those acts set forth above in this section, which from the character and use of the Property are
reasonably necessary to protect and preserve the Property.
DUE ON SALE - CONSENT BY LENDER. Lender may, at its option, declare immediately due and payable all sums
secured by this Deed of Trust upon the sale or transfer, without the Lender’s prior written consent, of all or any part of
the Real Property, or any interest in the Real Property. A "sale or transfer" means the conveyance of Real Property or any
right, title or interest therein; whether legal or equitable; whether volrmtary or involuntary; whether by outright sale, deed,
installment sale contract, land contract, contract for deed, leasehold interest with a term greater than three (3) years,
lease-option contract, or by sale, assignment, or transfer of any beneficial interest in or to any land trust holding title to
the Real Property, or by any other method of conveyance of Real Property interest. If any Grantor is a corporation or
partnership, transfer also includes any change in ownership of more than twenty-five percent (25%) ofthe voting stock or
partnership interests, as the case may be, of Grantor. However, this option shall not be exercised by Lender if such
exercise is prohibited by federal law or by Oregon law.
TAXES AND LIENS. The following provisions relating to the taxes and liens on the Property are a part of this Deed of
Trust.
Payment. Grantor shall pay when due (and in all events prior to delinquency) all taxes, special taxes, assessments,
charges (including water and sewer), fines and impositions levied against or on account ofthe Property, and shall
pay when due all claims for work done on or for services rendered or material fumished to the Property. Grantor
shall maintain the Property free of all liens having priority over or equal to the interest of Lender under this Deed of
Trust, except for the lien of taxes and assessments not due and except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust.
Right To Contest. Grantor may withhold payment of any tax, assessment, or claim in connection with a good faith
dispute over the obligation to pay, so long as Lender’s interest in the Property is not jeopardized. If a lien arises or
is filed as a result of nonpayment, Grantor shall within fifteen (15) days after the lien arises or, if a lien is filed,
within fifteen (15) days after Grantor has notice of the filing, secure the discharge of the lien, or if requested by
Page 4 - DEED OF TRUST

Lender, deposit with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender in an
amount sufficient to discharge the lien plus any costs and attomeys’ fees or other charges that could accrue as a
result of a foreclosure or sale under the lien. In any contest, Grantor shall defend itself and Lender and shall satisfy
any adverse judgment before enforcement against the Property. Grantor shall name Lender as an additional obligee
under any surety bond fumished in the contest proceedings.
Evidence of Payment. Grantor shall upon demand fumish to Lender satisfactory evidence of payment of the taxes
or assessments and shall authorize the appropriate govemmental official to deliver to Lender at any time a written
statement of the taxes and assessments against the Property.
Notice of Construction. Grantor shall notify Lender at least fifteen (15) days before any work is commenced, any
services are fumished, or any materials are supplied to the Property, if any mechanic’s lien, materialmen’s lien, or
other lien could be asserted on account ofthe work, services, or materials and the cost exceeds $1,000.00. Grantor
will upon request of Lender fumish to Lender advance assurances satisfactory to Lender that Grantor can and will
pay the cost of such improvements.
PROPERTY DAMAGE INSURANCE. The following provisions relating to insuring the Property are a part of this
Deed of Trust.
Maintenance of Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain policies of fire insurance with standard extended
coverage endorsements on a replacement basis for the full insurable value covering all Improvements on the Real
Property in an amount sufficient to avoid application of any coinsurance clause, and with a standard mortgagee
clause in favor of Lender, together with such other insurance, including but not limited to hazard, liability, business
interruption, and boiler insurance, as Lender may reasonably require. Policies shall be written in form, amounts,
coverages and basis reasonably acceptable to Lender and issued by a company or companies reasonably acceptable
to Lender. Grantor, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to time the policies or certificates of
insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that coverages will not be canceled or diminished
without at least ten (10) days’ prior written notice to Lender. Should the Real Property at any time become located
in an area designated by the Director ofthe Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard area,
Grantor agrees to obtain and maintain Federal Flood Insurance to the extent such insurance is required and is or
becomes available, for the term of the loan and for the full unpaid principal balance of the loan, or the maximum
limit of coverage that is available, whichever is less.
Application of Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly notify Lender of any loss or damage to the Property if the
estimated cost of repair or replacement exceeds $2,500.00. Lender may make proof of loss if Grantor fails to do so
within fifteen (15) days of the casualty. Whether or not Lender’s security is impaired, Lender may, at its election,
receive and retain the proceeds and apply the proceeds to the reduction ofthe Indebtedness, payment of any lien
affecting the Property, or the restoration and repair of the Property. If Lender elects to apply the proceeds to
restoration and repair, Grantor shall repair or replace the damaged or destroyed Improvements in a manner
satisfactory to Lender. Lender shall, upon satisfactory proof of such expenditure, pay or reimburse Grantor from the
proceeds for the reasonable cost of repair or restoration if Grantor is not in default under this Deed of Trust. Any
proceeds which have not been disbursed within 180 days after their receipt and which Lender has not committed to
the repair or restoration of the Property shall be used first to pay any amount owing to Lender under this Deed of
Trust, then to pay accrued interest, and the remainder, if any, shall be applied to the principal balance of the
Indebtedness. If Lender holds any proceeds after payment in full ofthe Indebtedness, such proceeds shall be paid to
Grantor as Grantor’s interests may appear.
Unexpired Insurance at Sale. Any unexpired insurance shall inure to the benefit of] and pass to, the purchaser of
the Property covered by this Deed of Trust at any trustee ’ s sale or other sale held under the provisions of this Deed
of Trust, or at any foreclosure sale of such Property.
Grant0r’s Report on Insurance. Upon request of Lender, however not more than once a year, Grantor shall
fumish to Lender a report on each existing policy of insurance showing: (a) the name of the insurer; (b) the risks
Page 5 - DEED OF TRUST

` ‘ I
insured; (c) the amount ofthe policy; (d) the property insured, the then ctu·rent replacement value of such property,
and the manner of determining that value; and (e) the expiration date ofthe policy. Grantor shall, upon request of
Lender, have an independent appraiser satisfactory to Lender detennine the cash value replacement cost of the
Property.
WARNING
Unless Grantor provides Lender with evidence of the insurance coverage as required
herein, Lender may purchase insurance at Grantor’s expense to protect Lender’s interest.
This insurance may, but need not, also protect Grantor’s interest. If the Property becomes
damaged, the coverage Lender purchases may not pay any claim Grantor makes or any
claim made against Grantor. Grantor may later cancel this coverage by providing evidence
that Grantor has obtained property coverage elsewhere.
Grantor is responsible for the cost of any insurance purchased by Lender. The cost of this
insurance may be added to the Note balance. If the cost is added to the Note balance, the
interest rate on the Note will apply to this added amount. The effective date of coverage
may be the date Grantor’s prior coverage lapsed or the date Grantor failed to provide proof
of coverage.
The coverage Lender purchases may be considerably more expensive than insurance
Grantor can obtain on Grantor’s own and may not satisfy any need for property damage
coverage or any mandatory liability insurance requirements imposed by applicable law.
TAX AND INSURANCE RESERVES. Subj ect to any limitations set by applicable law, Lender may require Grantor to
maintain with Lender reserves for payment of annual taxes, assessments, and insurance premiiuns, which reserves shall be
created by advance payment or monthly payments of a sum estimated by Lender to be sufficient to produce, at least
fifteen (15) days before due, amounts at least equal to the taxes, assessments, and insurance premiums to be paid. If
fifteen (15) days before payment is due the reserve funds are insufficient, Grantor shall upon demand pay any deficiency
to Lender. The reserve funds shall be held by Lender as a general deposit from Grantor, which Lender may satisfy by
payment of the taxes, assessments, and insurance premiums required to be paid by Grantor as they become due. Lender
shall have the right to draw upon the reserve funds to pay such items, and Lender shall not be required to determine the
validity or accuracy of any item before paying it. Nothing in the Deed of Trust shall be construed as requiring Lender to
advance other moneys for such purposes, and Lender shall not incur any liability for anything it may do or omit to do
with respect to the reserve account. All amounts in the reserve account are hereby pledged to further secure the
Indebtedness, and Lender is hereby authorized to withdraw and apply such amounts on the Indebtedness upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default. Lender shall not be required to pay any interest or earnings on the reserve funds tmless
required by law or agreed to by Lender in writing. Lender does not hold the reserve funds in trust for Grantor, and Lender
is not the agent of Grantor for payment of the taxes and assessments required to be paid by Grantor.
EXPENDITURES BY LENDER. If Grantor fails to comply with any provision of this Deed of Trust, or if any action
or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lender’s interests in the Property, Lender on Grantor’ s behalf
may, but shall not be required to, take any action that Lender deems appropriate. Any amount that Lender expends in so
doing will bear interest at the rate charged under the Note from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of
repayment by Grantor. All such expenses, at Lender’s option, will (a) be payable on demand, (b) be added to the balance
ofthe Note and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment payments to become due during either (i) the
term of any applicable insurance policy or (ii) the remaining term of the Note, or (c) be treated as a balloon payment
which will be due and payable at the Note’s maturity. This Deed of Trust also will secure payment of these amounts. The
rights provided for in this paragraph shall be in addition to any other rights or any remedies to which Lender may be l
entitled on account of the default. Any such action by Lender shall not be construed as curing the default so as to bar  
Lender from any remedy that it otherwise would have had.  
Page 6 - DEED OF TRUST

WARRANTY; DEFENSE OF TITLE. The following provisions relating to ownership ofthe Property are a part of this
Deed of Trust.
Title. Grantor warrants that: (a) Grantor holds good and marketable title of record to the Property in fee simple,
free and clear of all liens and encumbrances other than those set forth in the Real Property description or in any title
insurance policy, title report, or final title opinion issued in favor of, and accepted by, Lender in connection with
this Deed of Trust, and (b) Grantor has the full right, power, and authority to execute and deliver this Deed of Tmst
to Lender.
Defense of Title. Subject to the exception in the paragraph above, Grantor warrants and will forever defend the
title to the Property against the lawful claims of all persons. In the event any action or proceeding is commenced
that questions Grantor’s title or the interest of Trustee or Lender under this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall defend the
action at Grantor’s expense. Grantor may be the nominal party in such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to
participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel of Lender’s own choice, and
Grantor will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lender such instruments as Lender may request from time to time
to permit such participation.
Compliance With Laws. Grantor warrants that the Property and Grantor’s use ofthe Property complies with all
existing applicable laws, ordinances, and regulations of governmental authorities.
CONDEMNATION . The following provisions relating to condemnation proceedings are a part of this Deed of Trust.
Application of Net Proceeds. If all or any part ofthe Property is condemned by eminent domain proceedings or
by any proceeding or purchase in lieu of condemnation, Lender may at its election require that all or any portion of
the net proceeds of the award be applied to the Indebtedness or the repair or restoration of the Property. The net
proceeds of the award shall mean the award after payment of all reasonable costs, expenses, and attomeys’ fees,
Trustee or Lender in comiection with the concbmnation.
Proceedings. If any proceeding in condemnation is filed, Grantor shall promptly notify Lender in writing, and
Grantor shall promptly take such steps as may be necessary to defend the action and obtain the award. Grantor may
be the nominal party in such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be
represented in the proceeding by counsel of its own choice, and Grantor will deliver or cause to be delivered to
Lender such instruments as may be requested by itfrom time to time to permit such participation.
IMPOSITION OF TAXES, FEES AND CHARGES BY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. The following
provisions relating to governmental taxes, fees and charges are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Current Taxes, Fees, and Charges. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall execute such documents in addition to
this Deed of Trust and take whatever other action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender’s lien on
the Real Property. Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all taxes, as described below, together with all expenses
incurred in recording, perfecting or continuing this Deed of Trust, including without limitation all taxes, fees,
documentary stamps, and other charges for recording or registering this Deed of Trust.
Taxes. The following shall constitute taxes to which this section applies: (a) a specific tax upon this type of Deed
of Trust or upon all or any part of the Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust; (b) a specific tax on Grantor
which Grantor is authorized or required to deduct from payments on the Indebtedness secured by this type of Deed
of Trust; (c) a tax on this type of Deed of Trust chargeable against the Lender or the holder of the Note; and (d) a
specific tax on all or any portion ofthe Indebtedness or on payments of principal and interest made by Borrower.
Subsequent Taxes. If any tax to which this section applies is enacted subsequent to the date of this Deed of Trust,
this event shall have the same effect as an Event of Default (as defined below), and Lender may exercise any or all
of its available remedies for an Event of Default as provided below unless Grantor either (a) pays the tax before it
Page 7 - DEED OF TRUST

becomes delinquent, or (b) contests the tax as provided above in the Taxes and Liens section and deposits with
Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender.
SECURITY AGREEMENT; FINANCING STATEMENTS. The following provisions relating to this Deed of Trust
as a security agreement are a part of this Deed of Trust.
Security Agreement. This instrument shall constitute a security agreement to the extent any of the Property
constitutes fixtures or other personal property, and Lender shall have all ofthe rights of a secured party under the
Uniform Commercial Code as amended from time to time.
Security Interest. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall execute fmancing statements and take whatever other
action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender’ s security interest in the Rents and Personal Property.
In addition to recording this Deed of Trust in the real property records, Lender may, at any time and without further
authorization from Grantor, file executed counterparts, copies or reproductions of this Deed of Trust as a fmancing
statement. Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all expenses incurred in perfecting or continuing this security interest.
Upon default, Grantor shall assemble the Personal Property in a manner and at a place reasonably convenient to
Grantor and Lender and make it available to Lender within three (3) days after receipt of written demand from
Lender.
Addresses. The mailing addresses of Grantor (debtor) and Lender (secured party), from which information
conceming the security interest granted by this Deed of Trust may be obtained (each as required by the Uniform
Commercial Code), are as stated on the first page of this Deed of Trust.
FURTHER ASSURANCES; ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. The following provisions relating to further assurances and
attorney-in-fact are a part of this Deed of Trust.
Further Assurances. At any time, and from time to time, upon request of Lender, Grantor will make, execute and
deliver, or will cause to be made, executed or delivered, to Lender or to Lender’ s designee, and when requested by
Lender, cause to be filed, recorded, retiled, or rerecorded, as the case may be, at such times and in such offices and
places as Lender may deem appropriate, any and all such mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, security
agreements, financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance, certificates, and other
documents as may, in the sole opinion of Lender, be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate, complete, perfect,
continue, or preserve (a) the obligations of Grantor under the Note, this Deed of Trust, and the Related Dociunents,
and (b) the liens and security interests created by this Deed of Trust as first and prior liens on the Property, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired by Grantor. Unless prohibited by law or agreed to the contrary by Lender in
writing, Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the matters referred
to in this paragraph.
Att0rney—in-Fact. If Grantor fails to do any ofthe things referred to in the preceding paragraph, Lender may do so
for and in the name of Grantor and at Grantor’s expense. For such purposes, Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints
Lender as Grantor’s attomey-in-fact for the purpose of making, executing, delivering, filing, recording, and doing
all other things as may be necessary or desirable, in Lender’ s sole opinion, to accomplish the matters referred to in
the preceding paragraph.
FULL PERFORMANCE. If Grantor pays all the Indebtedness when due, and otherwise performs all the obligations
imposed upon Grantor under this Deed of Trust, Lender shall execute and deliver to Trustee a request for full
reconveyance and shall execute and deliver to Grantor suitable statements of termination of any financing statement on
file evidencing Lender’ s security interest in the Rents and the Personal Property. Any reconveyance fee required by law
shall be paid by Grantor, if permitted by applicable law.
DEFAULT. Each of the following, at the option of Lender, shall constitute an event of default ("Event of Default")
under this Deed of Trust:
Page 8 - DEED OF TRUST

Default on Indebtedness. Failure of Grantor to make any payment when due on the Indebtedness.
Default on Other Payments. Failure of Grantor within the time required by this Deed of Trust to make any
payment for taxes or insurance, or any other payment necessary to prevent filing of or to effect discharge of any
lien.
Compliance Default. Failure to comply with any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this
Deed of Trust, the Note or in any of the Related Documents.
Breaches. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by or on behalf of Grantor under
this Deed of Trust, the Note or the Related Documents is, or at the time made or furnished was, false in any material
respect.
Insolvency. The insolvency of Grantor, appointment of a receiver for any part of Grantor’s property, any
assigmnent for the benefit of creditors, the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency
laws by or against Grantor, or the dissolution or termination of Grantor’s existence as a going business (if Grantor is
a business). Except to the extent prohibited by federal law or Oregon law, the death of Grantor (if Grantor is an
individual) also shall constitute an Event of Default mder this Deed of Trust.
Foreclosure, etc. Commencement of foreclosure, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession or any
other method, by any creditor of Grantor against any ofthe Property. However, this subsection shall not apply in
the event of a good faith dispute by Grantor as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of
the foreclosure, provided that Grantor gives Lender written notice of such claim and furnishes reserves or a surety
bond for the claim satisfactory to Lender.
Breach of Other Agreement. Any breach by Grantor under the terms of any other agreement between Grantor and
Lender that is not remedied within any grace period provided therein, including without limitation any agreement
conceming any indebtedness or other obligation of Grantor to Lender, whether existing now or later.
Events Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any Guarantor of any of the
Indebtedness or such Guarantor dies or becomes incompetent.
Insecurity. Lender in good faith deems itself insecure.
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter,
Trustee or Lender, at its option, may exercise any one or more of the following rights and remedies, in addition to any
other rights or remedies provided by law:
Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender shall have the right at its option to declare the entire Indebtedness immediately
due and payable, including any prepayment penalty which Grantor would berequired to pay.
Foreclosure. With respect to all or any part ofthe Real Property, the Trustee shall have the right to foreclose by
notice and sale, and Lender shall have the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in accordance
with and to the full extent provided by applicable law. lf this Deed of Trust is foreclosed by judicial foreclosure,
Lender will be entitled to a judgment which will provide that if the foreclosure sale proceeds are insufficient to
satisfy the judgment, execution may issue for the amount of the unpaid balance of the judgment.
UCC Remedies. With respect to all or any part of the Personal Property, Lender shall have all the rights and
remedies of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code.
Collect Rents. Lender shall have the right, without notice to Grantor, to take possession of and manage the
Property and collect the Rents, including amounts past due and unpaid, and apply the net proceeds, over and above
Lender’s costs, against the Indebtedness. In furtherance of this right, Lender may require any tenant or other user of
Page 9 - DEED OF TRUST

the Property to make payments of rent or use fees directly to Lender. If the Rents are collected by Lender, then
Grantor irrevocably designates Lender as Grantor’s attomey-in-fact to endorse instruments received in payment
thereof in the name of Grantor and to negotiate the same and collect the proceeds. Payments by tenants or other
users to Lender in response to Lender’s demand shall satisfy the obligations for which the payments are made,
whether or not any proper grounds for the demand existed. Lender may exercise its rights imder this subparagraph
either in person, by agent, or through a receiver.
Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to take possession of all or any part of
the Property, with the power to protect and preserve the Property, to operate the Property preceding foreclosure or
sale, and to collect the Rents from the Property and apply the proceeds, over and above the cost ofthe receivership,
against the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without bond if permitted by law. Lender’s right to the
appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value ofthe Property exceeds the Indebtedness by
a substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from serving as a receiver.
Tenancy at Sufferance. If Grantor remains in possession of the Property after the Property is sold as provided
above or Lender otherwise becomes entitled to possession of the Property upon default of Grantor, Grantor shall
become a tenant at sufferance of Lender or the purchaser ofthe Property and shall, at Lender’s option, either (a) pay
a reasonable rental for the use ofthe Property, or (b) vacate the Property immediately upon the demand of Lender.
Other Remedies. Trustee or Lender shall have any other right or remedy provided in this Deed of Trust or the
Note or by law.
Notice of Sale. Lender shall give Grantor reasonable notice ofthe time and place of any public sale ofthe Personal
Property or of the time after which any private sale or other intended disposition ofthe Personal Property is to be
made. Reasonable notice shall mean notice given atleast ten (10) days before the time ofthe sale or disposition.
Any sale of Personal Property may be made in conjunction with any sale of the Real Property.
Sale of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Grantor hereby waive any and all rights to have
the Property marshaled. In exercising its rights and remedies, the Trustee or Lender shall be free to sell all or any
part of the Property together or separately, in one sale or by separate sales. Lender shall be entitled to bid at any
public sale on all or any portion of the Property.
Waiver; Election of Remedies. A waiver by any party of a breach of a provision of this Deed of Trust shall not
constitute a waiver of or prejudice the party’s rights otherwise to demand strict compliance with that provision or
any other provision. Election by Lender to pursue any remedy provided in this Deed of Trust, the Note, in any
Related Document, or provided by law shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make
expenditures or to take action to perform an obligation of Grantor under this Deed of Trust after failure of Grantor
to perform shall not affect Lender’s right to declare a default and to exercise any of its remedies.
Attorneys’ Fees; Expenses. If Lender institutes any suit or action to enforce any of the terms of this Deed of
Trust, Lender shall be entitled to recover such sum as the court may adjudge reasonable as attomeys’ fees at trial
and on any appeal. Whether or not any court action is involved, all reasonable expenses incurred by Lender which
in Lender’s opinion are necessary at any time for the protection of its interest or the enforcement of its rights shall
become a part of the Indebtedness payable on demand and shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of
expenditure until repaid. Expenses covered by this paragraph include, without limitation, however subject to any
limits under applicable law, Lender’ s attomeys’ fees whether or not there is a lawsuit, including attomeys’ fees for
bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals and any
anticipated post-judgment collection services, the cost of searching records, obtaining title reports (including
foreclosure reports), surveyors’ reports, appraisal fees, title insurance, and fees for the Trustee, to the extent
permitted by applicable law. Grantor also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums provided by law.
Rights of Trustee. Trustee shall have all of the rights and duties of Lender as set forth in this section. i
Page 10 - DEED OF TRUST I
I

POWERS AND OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE. The following provisions relating to the powers and obligations of
Trustee are part of this Deed of Trust.
Powers of Trustee. In addition to all powers of Trustee arising as a matter of law, Trustee shall have the power to
take the following actions with respect to the Property upon the written request of Lender and Grantor: (a) join in
preparing and filing a map or plat of the Real Property, including the dedication of streets or other rights to the
public; (b) join in granting any easement or creating any restriction on the Real Property; and (c) join in any
subordination or other agreement affecting this Deed of Trust or the interest of Lender under this Deedof Trust.
Obligations to Notify. Trustee shall not be obligated to notify any other party of a pending sale under any other
trust deed or lien, or of any action or proceeding in which Grantor, Lender, or Trustee shall be a party, unless the
action or proceeding is brought by Trustee.
Trustee. Trustee shall meet all qualifications required for Trustee under applicable law. In addition to the rights
and remedies set forth above, with respect to all or any part of the Property, the Trustee shall have the right to
foreclose by notice and sale, and Lender shall have the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in
accordance with and to the full extent provided by applicable law.
Successor Trustee. Lender, at Lender’ s option, may from time to time appoint a successor Trustee to any Trustee
appointed hereunder by an instnunent executed and acknowledged by Lender and recorded in the office of the
recorder of the county in which the Real Property is located. The instrument shall contain, in addition to all other
matters required by state law, the names ofthe original Lender, Trustee, and Grantor, the book and page where this
Deed of Trust is recorded, and the name and address ofthe successor trustee, and the instrument shall be executed
and acknowledged by Lender or its successors in interest. The successor trustee, without conveyance of the
Property, shall succeed to all the title, power, and duties conferred upon the Trustee in this Deed of Trust and by
applicable law. This procedure for substitution of trustee shall govem to the exclusion of all other provisions for
substitution.
NOTICES TO GRANTOR AND OTHER PARTIES. Any notice rmder this Deed of Trust shall be in writing and
shall be effective when actually delivered or, if mailed, shall be deemed effective whendeposited in the United States
mail first-class, registered mail, postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the begimring of this Deed of
Trust. Any party may change its address for notices under this Deed of Trust by giving formal written notice to the other
parties, specifying that the purpose ofthe notice is to change the party’ s address. All copies of notices of foreclosure from
the holder of any lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust shall be sent to Lender’s address, as shown near the
beginning of this Deed of Trust. For notice purposes, Grantor agrees to keep Lender and Trustee informed at all times of
Grantor’s current address.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Amendments. This Deed of Trust, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and
agreement ofthe parties as to the matters set forth in this Deed of Trust. No alteration of or amendment to this Deed
of Trust shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by the party or parties sought to be charged or bound
by the alteration or amendment.
Annual Reports. If the Property is used for purposes other than Grantor’s residence, Grantor shall furnish to
Lender, upon request, a certified statement of net operating income received from the Hoperty during Grantor’s
previous fiscal year in such form and detail as Lender shall require. "Net operating income" shall mean all cash
receipts from the Property less all cash expenditures made in connection with the operation of the Property.
Applicable Law. The procedures for Lender’s exercise of its remedies under this Deed of Trust shall be govemed I
by the laws ofthe state in which the real property is located. Remaining matters related to this Deed of Trust and the
Indebtedness shall be governed by the laws of the State of Oregon.
Page ll - DEED OF TRUST
I

Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Deed of Trust are for convenience purposes only and are not to be
used to interpret or defme the provisions of this Deed of Trust.
Merger. There shall be no merger ofthe interest or estate created by this Deed of Trust with any other interest or
estate in the Property at any time held by or for the benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent of
Lender.
Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction fmds any provision of this Deed of Trust to be invalid or
unenforceable as to any person or circumstance, such fmding shall not render that provision invalid or
unenforceable as to any other persons or circumstances. If feasible, any such off`ending provision shall be deemed to
be modified to be within the limits of enforceability or validity; however, if the offending provision cannot be so
modified, it shall be stricken and all other provisions of this Deed of Trust in all other respects shall remain valid
and enforceable.
Successors and Assigns. Subject to the limitations stated in this Deed of Trust on transfer of Grantor’s interest,
this Deed of Trust shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns. If
ownership ofthe Property becomes vested in a person other than Grantor, Lender, without notice to Grantor, may
deal with Grantor’s successors with reference to this Deed of Trust and the Indebtedness by way of forbearance or
extension without releasing Grantor fiom the obligations of this Deed of Trust or liability imder the Indebtedness.
Time Is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Deed of Trust.
Use. Grantor agrees that the Property is not used principally for agricultural purposes (it is not used to produce
crops, livestock, or aquatic goods).
Waivers and Consents. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Deed of Trust (or under
the Related Documents) unless such waiver is in writing and signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of
Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver by any party of a
provision of this Deed of Trust shall not constitute a waiver of or prejudice the party’s right otherwise to demand
strict compliance with that provision or any other provision. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any course of dealing
between Lender and Grantor, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender’s rights or any of Grantor’s obligations as to
any future transactions. Whenever consent by Lender is required in this Deed of Trust, the granting of such consent  
by Lender in any instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is  
required.  
l
Page 12 - DEED OF TRUST j
I

s
EACH GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS DEED OF TRUST, AND
EACH GRANTOR AGREES TO ITS TERMS.
GRANTOR: GRANTOR:
X    Z   X &@&¢`[7%, 4 @,;x~& 
JACK A WER CORALISS M BO ER
GRANTOR: GRANTOR:
X   X  
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT
STATE OF (O /2l£`év¤ U )
) ss.
County of 'DeS¢Zu·¢ ILC S )
On the C) day of \[LL ua. , Zoo K before me the undersigned Notary Public,
personally appeared Jack A Bower and Coraliss M Bower known to me to be
the individuals described in and who executed the Deed of Trust, and acknowledged to me that they executed the
same for the purposes therein stated.   {
Notary Public for: (Og (,22éAJ
?\-x,»\-x,-\»>,-<.\.·\=\-‘\’> — ";<e" I   Residing at: i5€ KJ D C>/L
?   MA2EE¥éAé $ERLEYON   MY C0mmlSSl0I1 expires: $@2 7* ( 9 . 160 8
‘ N-¢·‘···i ” mommy PUBL|C·OF|EG  
E? ‘~oMM¤ssaoN No. saliaas
§  MISEION EXPIRES SEPT. 19  008 _G
E
l
Page 13 - DEED OF TRUST *
l

