l 0 '} z. ¤> j (0 L)
_______g__,_;__€  I_N°‘r:‘z"“©_________L”________i_?;;J_.__.;;_;_...me-Le--.M....-...e.-....-..-e....,...---.e.~..-.--- ...,..... M..---.....-, ·.
i DESCHUTES COUNTY OFFICIRL RECORDS  
NRNCY BLIINKENSHIP . COUNTY CLERK
PECORQATION REQUESTED BY: l
Columbia River Bank   ,00
Shevlln Center
925 SW Emkay Dr., Sulte 100 ,
0 177802 '· '·8U0245°3 '*08°  87
Be d, OR 97702
" ( 06/06/2008 02:51:04 Pll
WHEN RECORDED MAIL TO: H—DT Cntr!. Stn:3 PG
Columbia River Bank $40.00 $11.00 $10.00 $5.00
_ Bend - Shevln Center
925 SW Emkay Dr., Suite 100
Bend. OR 97702
SEND TAX NOTICES TO:
Stephen Schlam. Carol Schlam. Gary Webb and Patricia Webb
2339 NW Canyon Dr _
Q Redmond, OR 91756 QACE ABOVE THIS @5 § EDR RECORDEITS USE QQLY
*0340*
DEED OF TRUST
THIS DEED OF TRUST is dated June 3. 2008. among Stephen Schlam, Carol Schlam. Gary Webb, and Patricia
Webb ("Grantor"l; Columbia River Bank, whose address is Shevlin Center, 925 SW Emkay Dr., Suite 100, Bend,
OR 97702 (referred to below sometimes as "Lender” and sometimes as "Beneficiary”l: and Amertitle, whose
address is 15 Oregon Ave., Bend, OR 97709 (referred to below as 'Trustee').
CONVEYANCE AND GRANT. For valuable consideration, represented in the Note dated June 3. 2008, in the original principal amount of
$266,400.00, from Grantor to Lender. Grantor conveys to Trustee tor the benefit of Lender as Beneficiary all of Grantor’s right, title, and
interest in and to the following described real property, together with all existing or subsequently erected or affixed buildings, improvements and
fixtures; all easements, rights of way, and appurtenances; all water, water rights and ditch rights (including stock in utilities with ditch or
irrigation rights); and all other rights, royalties, and profits relating to the real prtgserty, mcludlng without limitation all minerals, oil, gas,
geothermal and simil r matters. ( e "Real Property") located in Deschutes ounty, State of Oregon:
Lot Thirty-Nine (39), CENTENNIAL GLEN, recorded February 15, 2005, ln Cabinet G, Page 612, Deschutes
County, Oregon.
The Real Property or its address is commonly known as Lot 39. Bend. OR 97702. The Real Property tax
identification number is Code No. 1-001 Map and Tax Lot Number 18 12 04CD 00140 Account No. 247735.
Grantor presently assigns to Lender (also known as Beneficiary in this Deed of Trust) all of Grantor's right, title, and interest in and to all present
and future leases ot the Property and all Rents trom the Property. ln addition, Grantor grants to Lender a Uniform Commercial Code security
interest in the Personal Property and Rents.
THIS DEED OF TRUST. INCLUDING 11-IE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE RENTS AND PERSONAL PROPERTY,
ls GIVEN T0 SECURE (Al PAYMENT OF THE NDEBTEDNESS AND (Bl PERFORMANCE OF ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTE.
THE RELATED DOCUMENTS, AND THIS DEED OF TRUST. THIS DEED OF TRUST IS GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE FOLLOWING TERMS:
PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall pay to Lender all amounts secured by this
Deed of Trust as they become due, and shall strictly and in a timely manner perform all of Grantor’s obligations under the Note, this Deed of
Trust, and the Related Documents.
POSSESSION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE PROPERTY. Gramer agrees that Grantor's possession and use or the Property shall be governed by
the following provisions: .
Possession and Use. Until the occurrence ot an Event of Default, Gramer may (1) remain in possession and control ot the Property; (2)
use, operate or manage the Property; and (3) collect the Rents from the Property. The tollowlng provisions relate to the use of the
Property or to other limitations on the Property. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON TRANSFERRING FEE
TITLE SHOULD INQUIRE ABOUT THE PERSON'S RIGHTS, lF ANY, UNDER ORS 197.352. Tl-IIS INSTRUMENT DOES NOT ALLOW USE OF
THE PROPERTY DESCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT IN VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAND USE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. BEFORE
SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON ACGUIRING FEE TITLE T0 THE PROPERTY SHOULD CHECK WITH THE
APPROPRIATE CITY OR COUNTY PLANNING DEPARTMENT TO VERIFY APPROVED USES, T0 DETERMINE ANY LIMITS ON LAWSUITS
AGAINST FARMING OR FOREST PRACTICES AS DEFINED IN ORS 30.930, AND TO INOUIRE ABOUT THE RIGHTS OF NEIGHBORING
PROPERTY OWNERS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS 197.352.
Duty to Maintain. Grantor shall maintain the Property in tenantable condition and promptly perform all repairs, replacements, and
maintenance necessary to preserve its value.
Compliance With Environmental Laws. Grantor represents and warrants to Lender that: (1) During the period ot Grantor'a ownership ot
the Property, there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous
Substance by any person on, under, about or from the Property; (2) Grantor has no knowledge ot, or reason to believe that there has
been, except as previously disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, (al any breach or violation ot any Environmental Laws,
(b) any use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release ot any Hazardous Substance on, under,
about or from the Property by any prior owners or occupants of the Property, or lc) any actual or threatened litigation or claims ot any
kind by any person relating to such matters; and (3) Except as previously disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing. la) neither
Grantor nor any tenant, contractor, agent or other authorized user ot the Property shall use, generate, manufacture, store, treat, dispose ot
or release any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from the Property; and (b) any auch ectlvlty shall be conducted in compliance
with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations and ordinances, including without limitation all Environmental Laws. Grantor
authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Property to make such inspections and tests, at Grantor's expense, as Lender may deem
appropriate to determine compliance ot the Property with this section of the Deed of Trust. Any inspections or tests made by Lender shall
be for Lenderis purposes only and shall not be construed to create any responsibility or liability on the part of Lender to Grantor or to any
other person. The representations and warranties contained herein are based on Grantor's due diligence in investigating the Property for
Hazardous Substances. Grantor hereby li) releases and waives any future claims against Lender tor indemnity or contribution in the
event Gramor becomes liable tor cleanup or other costs under any such laws; and (2) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
Lender against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or
· suffer resulting from e breach ot this section of the Deed of Trust or as a consequence ot any use, generation, manufacture, storage,
disposal, release or threatened release occurring prior to Grentor's ownership or interest In the Property, whether or not the same was or
should have been known to Grantor. The provisions of this section or the Deed of Trust, including the obligation to indemnify and defend,
shall survive the payment of the lndebtedness and the satisfaction and reconveyance ot the lien of this Deed of Trust and shall not be
affected by Lender’s acquisition of any interest in the Property. whether by foreclosure or otherwise.
Nuisance. Waste. Gramer shall not cause, conduct or permit any nuisance nor commit, permit, or suffer any stripping ot or waste on or to
the Property or any portion ot the Property. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Grantor will not remove, or grant to any other
party the right to remove, any timber, minerals (including oil and gas), coal, clay, scoria, soil, gravel or rock products without Lender‘s prior
wrlttan consent.
Removal of hnprovements. Grantor shall not demolish or remove any Improvements trom the Real Property without Lender's pnor written
Pellet recording,iratunl its (
ixmaiiiite g {_ H
         

  ..., Mg,. ...,~ ....-....-................-..c ..... ........-——.J-.—......:........;...»;.—~.....-·—·--·—---.»-~-·—·-»·-···~--»--·~-i—--»-—-~--~-»-—--···~.--.~ -·--  
DEED OF TRUST
,L0an No: 95089 (Continued) Page 2
 
consent. As a condition to the removal of any Improvements, Lender may require Grantor to make arrangements satisfactory to Lender to
replace such Improvements with Improvements of at least equal value.
Lender's Right to Enter. Lender and Lender's agents and representatives may enter upon the Real Property at all reasonable times to attend
to Lender's interests and to inspect the Real Property for purposes of Grantor's compliance with the temis and conditions of this Deed ot
Trust.
Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Grantor shall promptly comply with all laws, ordinances, and regulations, now or hereafter
in effect, of all governmental authorities applicable to the use or occupancy of the Property, including without limitation, the Americans
With Disabilities Act. Grantor may contest in good faith any such law, ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during any
proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Grantor has notified Lender in writing pnor to doing so and so long as, in Lender’s
sole opinion, Lender's interests in the Property are not ieopardlzed. Lender may require Grantor to post adequate security or a surety bond,
reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender's interest.
Duty to Protect. Grantor agrees neither to abandon or leave unattended me Property. Grantor shall do all other acts, in addition to those
acts set forth above in this section, which from the character and use ofthe Property are reasonably necessary to protect and preserve the
Property.
DUE ON SALE - CONSENT BY LENDER. Lender may, at Lender's option, declare immediately due and payable all sums secured by this Deed of
Trust upon the sale or transfer, without Lender's prior written consent, of all or any part or the Real Property, or any interest in the Real
Property. A 'aale or transfer" means the conveyance of Real Property or any right, title or interest in the Real Property; whether legal, beneficial
or equitable; whether voluntary or involuntary; whether by outright sale, deed, installment sale contract, land contract, contract for deed,
leasehold interest with a term greater than three (3) years, lease-option contract, or by sale, assignment, or transfer of any beneficial interest in
or to any land trust holding title to the Heal Property, or by any other method of conveyance of an interest in the Real Property. However, this
option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited by federal law or by Oregon law.
TAXES AND LIENS. The following provisions relating to the taxes and liens on the Property are part of this Deed of Trust:
Payment. Grantor shall pay when due land in all events prior to delinquency) all taxes, special taxes, assessments, charges (including
water and sewer), fines and impositions levied against or on account of the Property, and shall pay when due all claims tor work done on or `
for services rendered or material furnished to the Property. Gramer shall maintain the Property free of all liens having priority over or equal
to the interest of Lender under this Deed of Trust, except for the lien of taxes and assessments not due and except as otherwise provided
in this Deed of Trust.
Right to Contest. Grantor may withhold payment or any tex, assessment, or claim in connection with a good faith dispute over the
obligation to pay, so long as Lender's interest in the Property is not ieopardized. If a lien arises or is filed as a result ot nonpayment,
Grantor shall within fifteen (15) days after the (len arises or, if a lien is filed, within fifteen (15) days after Grantor has notice of the Hhng,
secure the discharge of the lien, or lf requested by Lender, deposit with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security
SGIISTBCIDTY to Lender in an amount sufficient to discharge the lien plus any costs and attomays' fees, or other charges that could accrue
as a result of a foreclosure or sale under the lien. In any contest, Grantor shall defend itself and Lender and shall satisfy any adverse
rudgment before enforcement against the Property. Grantor shall name Lender as an additional obligee under any surety bond tumished in
the contest proceedings.
Evidence of Payment. Grantor shall upon demand furnish to Lender satisfactory evidence of payment of the taxes or assessments and shall
authorize the appropriate govemrnental official to deliver to Lender at any time a written statement ot the taxes and assessments against
the Property.
Notice of Construction. Grantor shall notify Lender at least fifteen (15) days betore any work is commenced, any services are furnished, or
any matenals are supplied to the Property, if any mechamc's lien, matenalmen‘s lien, or other lien could be asserted on account of the
work, services, or matenals. Grantor will upon request of Lender ttirniah to Lender advance assurances SBUSTECTDFY to Lender that Grantor
can and will pay the cost of such improvements. ‘
PROPERTY DAMAGE INSURANCE. The following provisions relating to msunng the Property are a part of this Deed of Trust.
Maintenance oflnsurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain policies of fire insurance with standard extended coverage endorsements on
a replacement basis for the full insurable value covering all Improvements on the Beal Property in an amount sufficient to avoid application
of any coinsurance clause, and with a standard mortgagee clause in favor of Lender. Grantor shall also procure and maintain
comprehensive general liability insurance in such coverage amounts as Lender may request with Trustee and Lender being named as
additional insureds in such liability insurance policies. Additionally, Grantor shall maintain such other insurance, including but not limited to
hazard, business interruption, and boiler insurance, as Lender may reasonably require. Policies shall be written inform, amounts, coverages
and basis reasonably acceptable to Lender and issued by a company or companies reasonably acceptable to Lender. Grantor, upon request
of Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to time the policies or certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including
stipulations that coverages will not be cancelled or diminished without at least ten (10) days prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance
policy also shall include an endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired in any way by any act, omission or
default of Grantor or any other person. Should the Real Property be located in an area designated by the Director of the Federal Emergency
Management Agency as a special flood h zard area, Grantor agrees to obtain and maintain Federal Flood Insurance, lf avaliable, within 45
days after notice is given by Lander that the Property is located in e special Hood hazard area, tor the tull unpaid principal balance of the
loan and any prior liens on the property securing the loan, up to the maximum policy limits set under the National Flood Insurance Program,
or as otherwise required by Lender, and to maintain such insurance tor the term of the loan.
Application of Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly notify Lender of any loss or damage to the Property. Lender may make proor of loss if
Grantor rails to do so within fifteen (15) days ot the casualty. Whether or not Lender's security is impaired, Lander may, at Lender's
election, receive and retain the proceeds ot any insurance and apply the proceeds to the reduction of the Indebtedness, payment of any lien
affecting the Property, or the restoration and repair of the Property. lf Lender elects to apply the proceeds to restoration and repair, Grantor
shall repair or replace the damaged or destroyed Improvements in a manner satisfactory to Lender. Lender shall, upon satistactory proof of
such expenditure, pay or reimburse Grantor from the proceeds for the reasonable cost of repair or restoration if Gramer is not in default
under this Deed of Trust. Any proceeds which have not been disbursed within 180 days atter their receipt and which Lender has not
committed to the repair or restoration of the Property shall be used first to pay any amount owing to Lender under this Deed of Trust, than
to pay accrued interest, and the remainder, if any, shall be applied to the principal balance of thelndebtedness. lf Lender holds any
proceeds after payment in full of the Indebtedness, such proceeds shall be paid to Grantor as Grantor's interests may appear.
Grantor‘s Report on Insurance. Upon request of Lender, however not more than once a year, Grantor shall furnish to Lender a report on
each existing policy of insurance showing: ll) the name of the msurer; (2) the risks insured; (3) the amount or the policy; I4) the
property insured, the then current replacement value ot such property. and the manner of determining that value; and (5) the expiration
date ot the policy. Grantor shall, upon request of Lender, have an independent appraiser satist ctory to Lender determine the cash value
replacement cost ot the Property.
LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. lf any action or proceeding is commenced that would matenally affect Lender's interest in the Property or if Grantor
tails to comply with any provision of this Deed of Trust or any Related Documents, including but not limited to Grentor’s failure to discharge or
pay when due  ny amounts Grantor is required to discharge or pay under this Deed of Trust or any Related Documents, Lender on Grantor's
behalf may (but shall not be obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but not limited to discharging or paying all
taxes, liens. security interests, encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed on the Property and paying all costs for insuring,
maintaining and preserving the Property. All such expenditures incurred or paid by Lender tor such purposes will then bear interest at the rate
charged under the Note from the data incurred or paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Grantor. All such expenses will become a part or
the Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, will (A) be payable on demand: (B) be added to the balance ot the Note and be apportioned among
and be payable with any installment payments to become due during either ‘ (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the
remaining term of the Note; or (C) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Note's maturity. The Deed of Trust
also will secure payment of these amounts. Such right shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies to which Lender may be entitled upon
Default.
WARRANTY: DEFENSE OF TITLE. The following provisions relating to ownership or the Property are a part ot this Deed of Trust:
Title. Grantor warrants that: la) Grantor holds good and marketable title of record to the Property in fee simple, tree and clear of all liens
and encumbrances other than those set forth in the Real Property description or in any tide insurance policy, title report, or final title opinion
issued ln favor of, and accepted by, Lender in connection with this Deed of Trust, and (b) Grantor has the tull right, power, and authority
to execute and deliver this Deed of Trust to Lender.

___ »__,___ __;________;_____,__,_;__________,_____ ____ ,___________ ____ ._,,_,_,___...-.,l,,,,__,.,,.....L.....__;..........;-;..—,.......-..........e...-..........-.—..-.1...a—..-a....~-....---...- ...... ----....4.
DEED OF TRUST _
Loan rue: esoae (Continued) Page 3
Defense of Title. Sublect to the exception in the paragraph above, Gramer warrants and will forever defend the title to the Property against .
the lawful claims of all persons. In the event any action or proceeding is commenced that questions Grantor's title or the interest of
Trustee or Lender under this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall defend the action at Grantor‘s expense. Grantor may be the nominal party rn
such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel of
Lendar‘s own choice, and Grantor will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lender such instruments as Lender may request from time to
time to permit such pamcrpafion.
Compliance With Laws. Grantor warrants that the Property and Grantor‘s use of the Property complies with all existing applicable laws,
ordinances, and regulations of governmental authorities.
Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations, warranties, and agreements made by Grantor in this Deed of Trust shall
survive the execution and delivery of this Deed of Trust, shall be continuing in nature, and shall remain ln full force and effect until such
time as Grantor's Indebtedness shall be paid in full.
CONDEIVINATION. The following provisions relating to condemnation proceedings are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Proceedings. lf any proceeding in condemnation is filed, Grantor shall promptly notify Lender m writing, and Grantor shell promptly take
such steps as may be necessary to defend the action and obtain the award. Grantor may be the nominal pany in such proceeding, but
Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the prouedlng by counsel of its own choice, and Grantor
will deliver or cause to ba delivered to Lender such instruments and documentation as may be requested by Lender from time to time to
permit such participation.
Application of Net Proceeds. lf all or any part of the Property is condemned by eminent domain proceedings or by any proceeding or
purchase in lieu of condemnation, Lender may at its election require that all or any portion of the net proceeds of the award be applied to
the Indebtedness or the repair or restoration of the Property. The net proceeds of the award shall mean the award after payment of all
reasonable costs, expenses, and attorneys' fees incurred by Trustee or Lender rn connection with the condemnation.
IMPOSITION OF TAXES. FEES AND CHARG =~ BY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. The following provisions relating to governmental taxes,
fees and charges are e part of this Deed of Trust:
Current Taxes, Fees and Charges. Upon request by Lander, Grantor sh ll execute such documents in addition to this Deed of Trust and
take whatever other action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender‘s lien on the Heal Property. Grantor shall reimburse
Lender for all taxes, as described below, together with all expenses incurred in recording, perfecting or continuing this Deed of Trust,
including without limitation all taxes, fees, documentary stamps, and other charges for recording or registering this Deed of Trust.
Taxes. The following shall constitute taxes to which this section applies: (1) a specific tax upon this type of Deed of Trust or upon all or
any part of the Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Tmst; (2) a specific tax on Grantor which Grantor is authorized or required to
deduct from payments on the Indebtedness secured by this type of Deed of Trust; (3l a tax on this type of Deed of Trust chargeable
against the Lender or the holder of the Note; and (4) e specific tax on all or any portion of the Indebtedness or on payments of principal
and interest made by Gramer.
Subsequent Taxes. lf any tax to which this section applies is enacted subsequent to the data of this Deed of Trust, this event shall have
the same effect as an Event of DGTBUHC, and Lender may exercise any or all of its available remedies for an Event of Default as provided
below unless Grantor either (1) pays the tax before it becomes delinquent, or (2) contests the tax as provided above in the Taxes and
Liens section and deposits with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender.
SECURETY AGREEMENT; FINANCING STATEMENTS. The following provisions relating to this Deed of Tnrst as a security agreement are a part
‘ of this Deed of Trust:
Security Agreement. This instrument shall constitute a Security Agreement to the extent any of the Property constitutes fixtures, and
Lender shall have all ofthe rights of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code as amended from time to time.
Security Interest. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall take whatever action ls requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender‘s
security interest in the Rents and Personal Property. In addition to recording this Deed of Trust in the real property records, Lender may, at
any time and without further authorization from Grantor, file executed counterparts, copies or reproductions of this Deed of Trust as a
financing statement. Grantor shall reimburse Lender.for all expenses incurred in perfecting or continuing this security interest. Upon
default, Grantor shall not remove, sever or detach the Personal Property from the Property. Upon default, Grantor shall assemble any
Personal Property not affixed to the Property in a manner and at a place reasonably convenient to Grantor and Lender and make it available
to Lender within three (3) days after receipt of written demand from Lender to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Addresses. The mailing addresses of Grantor {debtor) and Lender (secured party) from which infomation concerning the security interest
granted by this Deed of Trust may be obtained (each as required by the Uniform Commercial Code) are as stated on the first page of this
Deed of Trust. -
FURTHER ASSURANCES; ATTORNEY-lN·FAC`l'. The following provisions relating to further assurances and attomey·an·fact are e part of this
Deed of Trust:
Further Assurances. At any time, and from time to time, upon request of Lender, Grantor will make, execute and deliver, or will cause to
be made, executed or delivered, to Lender or to Lenderfs designee, and when requested by Lender, cause to be filed. recorded, refiled, or
rerecorded, as the case may be, at such times and in such offices and places as Lender may deem appropriate, any and all such mortgages,
deeds of trust, security deeds, security agreements, financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance,
certificates, and other documents _as may, in the sole opinion of Lender, be necessary or desirable rn order to effectuate, complete, perfect,
continue, or preserve (1) Grantor's obligations under the Note, this Deed of Trust, and the Related Documents, and (2) the liens and
security interests created by this Deed of Trust as first and pnor liens on the Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by
Gr ntor. Unless prohibited by law or Lender agrees to the contrary in writing, Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the matters referred to in this paragraph.
Ataomey-in-Fact. lf Grantor rails to do any of the things referred to in the preceding paragraph, Lender may do so for and in the name of
Grantor and at Grantor's expense. For such purposes, Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints Lender as Grantor's attorney-in-tact for the
purpose of making, executing, delivering. filing, recording, and doing all other things as may be necessary or desirable, in l.ender‘s sole
opinion, to accomplish the matters referred to in the preceding paragraph.
FULL PERFORMANCE. lf Grantor pays all the lndebtedness when due, and otherwise performs all the obligations imposed upon Grantor under
this Deed of Trust, Lender shall execute and deliver to Trustee a request for full reconveyance and shall execute and deliver to Grantor suitable
statements of termination of any financing statement on file evidencing Lender's security interest in the Rants and the Personal Property. Any
reconveyance fee required by law shall be paid by Grantor, if permitted by applicable law.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Each of the following, at Lender's option, shall constitute an Event of Default under this Deed of Trust:
Payment Default. Grantor fails to make any payment when due under the Indebtedness. ,
Other Defaults. Grantor fails to comply with or to perform any other tem, obligation, covenant or condition contained ln this Deed of Trust
or in any of the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other
agreement between Lender and Grantor.
Compliance Default. Failure to comply with any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Deed of Trust, the Note or in
any of the Related Documems.
Default on Other Payments. Failure of Grantor within the time required by this Deed of Trust to make any payment for taxes or insurance,
or any other payment necessary to prevent filing or or to effect discharge of any lien.
Default in Favor of Third Parties. Should Grantor default under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales
agreement, or any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or person that may matenally affect any DT Grantor's property or
Grantor's ability to repay the Indebtedness or perform their respective obligations under this Deed of Trust or any of the Related
Documents. _ (
False Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or fumrshed to Lender by Grantor or on Grantor‘s behalf under this
Deed of Trust or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or fumished or
becomes false or misleading at any time thereafter.
Defective Collateralization. This Deed of Trust or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full torce and effect (including failure of

________;___;_____?_,_____....-- .... -~-.M.~-..L._........_-..e..s.L_-....._-.;.............;........--..~-....--....-.......-....-u......,...-.....2......,........-..- .... -.---c..-.--.--.....I...
DEED OF TRUST
.Loen N0: 95089 (COI1tII'IU8d) Page 4
any collateral document to create a valid and pertected security interest or lien) at any time and for any reason.
Death or Insolvency. The death of Grantor, the insolvency of Grantor, the appointment of a receiver for any part of Grentor's property, any
assignment tor the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout. or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or
insolvency laws by or against Grantor. "
Creditor or Forfeiturs Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or torfeitiure proceedings, whether by iudicial proceeding, self-help,
repossessionor any other method, by any creditor ot Gr ntor or by any govemmental agency against any property securmg the
Indebtedness. This includes a garnishment ot any of Grantor's accounts, including deposit accounts, with Lender. However, this Event of
Default shall not apply if there is a good faith dispute by Grantor as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis or the
creditor or torteiture proceeding and lf Grantor gives Lender written notice ot the creditor or rorfemire proceeding and deposits with Lender
monies or e surety bond tor the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an
adequate reserve or bond for the dispute. _
Breach_of Other Agreement. Any breach by Grantor under the terms of any other agreement between Gramer and Lender that is not °
remedied within any grace period provided therein, including without limitation any agreement concerning any indebtedness or other
obligation of Grantor to Lender, whether existin  now or later. ·
Events Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any Guarantor or any ot the Indebtedness or any
Guarantor dies or becomes incompetent. or revokes or disputes the validity of, or Eability under, any Guaranty of the Indebtedness. In the
event of a death, Lender, at its option, may, but shell not he required to, permit the Guarantor‘s estate to assume unconditionally the
obligations arising under the guaranty in a manner satisfactory to Lender, and, in doing so, cure any Event of Default.
Adverse Change. A material adverse change occurs in Grantor's financial condition, or Lender believes the prospect or payment or
performance ofthe Indebtedness is impaired.
insecurity. Lender in good faith believes itself insecure.
Right to Cure. lf any default, other than a default in payment is curable and if Grantor has not been given a notice ot a breach of the same
provision of this Deed of Trust within the preceding twelve (12) months, rt may be cured if Grantor, alter receiving written notice trom
Lender demanding cure or such default: (1) cures the default within fifteen (15) days; or (2) it the cure requires more than Hfteen (15)
days, immediately initiates steps which Lender deems in Lender's sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter
continues and completes all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical.
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. lf an Event of Default occurs under this Deed of Trust, at any time thereafter, Trustee or Lender may
exercise any one or more ot the following rights and remedies:
Election of Remedies. Election by Lender to pursue any remedy shall not exclude pursuit ot any other remedy, and an election to make
expenditures or to take action to perform an obligation of Grantor under this Deed of Trust, alter Grantor's failure to perform, shall not
affect Lender's right to declare a default and exercise its remedies. a
Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender shall have the right at its option without notice to Grantor to declare the entire Indebtedness immediately
due and payable, including any prepayment penalty which Grantor would be requrred to pay.
Foreclosure. Vllith respect to all or any part or the Real ProI1•¢l'W. the Trustee shall have the right to toreclose by notice and sale, and
Lender shall have the right to foreclose by judicial, foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to the tull extent provided by
applicable law. If this Deed of Trust is foreclosed by judicial forecl ure, Lender will be entitled to a iudgment which will provide that if the
foreclosure sale proceeds are insufficient to satisfy the iudgment, execution may issue tor the amount of the unpaid balance of the
iudgment.
UCC Remedies. VWth respect to all or any part of the Personal Propeffv. Lender shall have all the rights and remedies ot a secured party
under the Uniform Commercial Code.
Collect Rents. Lender shall have the right, without notice to Grantor to take possession of and manage the Property and collect the Rents,
including amounts past due and unpaid, and apply the not proceeds, over and above Lender‘s costs, against the Indebtedness. ln
furtherance of this right, Lender may require any tenant or other user ot the Property to make payments or rent or use tees directly to
Lender. If the Rents are collected by Lender, then Grantor irrevocably designates Lender as Grantor's ettorney—in-rect to endorse T
instruments received in payment thereof in the name of Grantor and to negotiate the same and collect the proceeds. Payments by tenants
or other users to Lender in response to Lender's demand shall satisfy the obligations tor which the payments are made, whether or not any
proper grounds for the demand existed. Lender may exercise its rights under this subparagraph either in person, by agent, or through a
receiver.
Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have e receiver appointed to take possession ot all or any part of the Property, with the
power to protect and preserve the Property, to operate the Property preceding foreclosure or sale, and to collect the Rents from the
Property and apply the proceeds, over and above the cost ot the receivership, against the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without
bond ifpermitted by law. Lender‘s right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value or the Property
exceeds the Indebtedness by a substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from sewing as a receiver.
Tenancy at Sufferance. lf Grantor remains in possession ot the Property after the Property is sold as provided above or Lender otherwise
becomes entitled to possession of the Property upon default of Grantor, Gramer shall become a tenant at sufferance of Lender or the
purchaser ofthe Property and shall, et Lender’s option. either I1) pay a reasonable rental tor the use of the Property, or (2) vacate the
. Property immediately upon the demand of Lender.
Other Remedies. Trustee or Lender shall have any other right or remedy provided in this Deed of Trust or the Note or available et law or in
equity.
Notice of Sale. Lender shall give Grantor reasonable notice ofthe time and place of any public sale of the Personal Property or of the time
after which any private sale or other intended disposition of the Personal Property is to be made. Reasonable notice shall mean notice
given at least fifteen (15) days before the time or the sale or disposition. Any sale of the Personal Property may be made in coniunction
with any sale ot the Real Property.
Sale of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Gramer hereby waives any and all rights to have the Property marshalled.
In exercising its rights and remedies, the Trustee or Lender shall be tree to sell all or any part ot the Property together or separately, in one
sale or by separate sales. Lender shall be entitled to bid at any public sale on all or any portion of the Property.
Attorneys‘ Fees; Expenses. If Lender institutes any suit or acuon to enforce any of the terms or this Deed of Trust, Lender shall be entitled
to recover such sum as the court may adiudge reasonable as attorneys' tees at trial and upon any appeal. Whether or not any court action _
is involved, and to the extent not prohibited by law, all reasonable expenses Lender incurs that in Lender's opinion are necessary at any
time for the protection of its interest or the enforcement ol its nghts shall become a part ot the indebtedness payable on demand and shall
bear interest at the Note rate trom the date of the expenditure until repaid. Expenses covered by this paragraph include, without limitation, »
however subiect to any limits under applicable law, Lender‘s attorneys' fees and Lender‘s legal expenses, whether or not there is a lawsuit,
including attomeys‘ fees and expenses for bankruptcy proceedings Gncluding efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or iniunction),
appeals, and any anticipated post—iudgment collection services, the cost or searching records, obtaining title reports (including roreclosure
reports), surveyors‘ reports, and appraisal fees, title insurance, and fees tor the Trustee, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Grantor .
also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums provided by law.
Rights of Trustee. Trustee shall have all ot the rights and duties of Lender as set forth in this section.
POWERS AND OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE. The tollowing provisions relating to the powers and obligations of Trustee are part ot this Deed or
Trust:
Powers of Trustee. In addition to all powers of Trustee arising as a matter of law, Trustee shall have the power to take the following
actions with respect to the Property upon the written request of Lender and Grantor: ls) loin in prepanng and filing a map or plat of the
Real Property, including the dedication of streets or other rights to the public; lb) ioin in granting any easement or creating any restriction ·
on the Real Property; and lc) ioin in any subordination or other agreement effecting this Deed of Trust or the interest of Lender under this
Deed of Trust. - .
Obligations to Notify. Trustee shall not be obligated to notify any other party ot a pending sale under any other trust deed or lien, or ot any
action or proceeding in which Grantor, Lender, or Trustee shall be a party, unless the action or proceeding is brought by Trustee.

____ ____> __j ____  _________Q______________ _______________ ___L__________:________;___________,,,,__,,_`_,___,,,,,_.,.__.,,.,,..,.,.....-....-...L.-..,...-............a...-.-.--....e...,. ...`... ..-. ....  
DEED OF TRUST
.L0en No: 95089 (Continued) Page 5 .
 
Trustee. Tmstee shall meet all qualifications required for Trustee under applicable law. ln addition to the rights and remedies set forth
above, with respect to all or any part of the Property, the Trustee shall have the nght to toreclose by notice and sale. and Lender shall have
the right to torecloee by judicial foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to the full extent provided by applicable law.
Successor Trustee. Lender, at Lender's option, may from time to time appoint a successor Trustee to any Trustee appointed under this
Deed of Trust by an instrument executed and acknowledged by Lender and recorded in the office ot the recorder of Deschutes County,
State of Oregon. The instrument  hall contain, in addition to all other matters required by state law, the names of the original Lender,
Trustee, and Grantor. the book and page where this Deed of Trust is recorded, and the name and address of the successor trustee, and the
instrument shall be executed and acknowledged by Lender or its successors in interest. The successor trustee, without conveyance ot the
Propéml. shall succeed to all the title. power, and duties conterred upon the Trustee in this Deed of Trust and by applicable law. This
procedure for substitution of Trustee shall govem to the exclusion of all other provisions for substitution.
NOTICES. Any notice required to be given under this Deed of Trust, including without limitation any notice or default and any notice of sale
sh ll be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually received by teletacsimile (unless otherwise required by 3
law), when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier. or, if mailed. when deposited in the United States mail, as first class,  
certihed or registered mail postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown nur the beginning of this Deed of Trust. All copies or notices or 2
toreclosure from the holder of any lien which haspnorlty over this Deed of Trust shall be sent to Lender'e address, as shown near the beginning
of this Deed of Trust. Any party may change its address for notices under this Deed of Trust by giving formal written notice to the other
parties, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the party's address. For notice purposes, Grantor a rees to keep Lender informed
at all times of Grantor's current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if there as more than one Grantor, any notice gwen by
Lender to any Grantor is deemed to be notice given to all Grantors.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVlSl0NS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Amendments. This Deed of Trust, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement ot the parties
as to the matters set torth in this Deed of Trust. No alteration of or amendment to this Deed of Trust shall be effective unless given an
writing and signed by the party or parties sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment.
Annual Reports. lf the Property is used for purposes other than Grantor‘s residence, Grantor shall furnish to Lender, upon request, a
certified statement of net operating income received from the Property durmg Grantoris previous fiscal year in such term and detail as
Lender shall require. "Net operating income" shall mean all cash receipts from the Property less all cash expenditures made in connection
with the operation ot the Property.
Arbitration. Grantor and Lender agree that all disputes, claims and controversies between them whether individual, joint, or class in nature.
arlslng trom this Deed ol Trust or otherwise. including without limitation contract and tort disputes, shall be arbitrated pursuant to the Rules
ot the American Arbitration Association in effect at the time the claim is tiled, upon request of either party. No act to take or dispose of
any Property shal constitute a waiver of this arbitration agreement or be prohibited by this arbitration agreement. This includes, without
limitation. obtaining ingunetive relief or a temporary restraining order: foreclosing by notice and sale under any deed of trust or mortgage;
obtaining a writ ot attachment or imposition of a receiver; or exercising any rights relating to personal property. including taking or
disposing of such property with or without iudieial process pursuant to Article 9 ot the Uniform Commercial Code. Any disputes. claims, or
controversies eonceming the Iawfulness or reasonableness of any act. or exercise of any right. conceming any Property. Including any claim
to rescind, reform, or otherwise modify any ageement relating te the Property, shall also be arbitrated. provided however that no arbitrator
shall have the right or the power to enioin or restrain any act ot any party. Judgment upon any award rendered by any arbitrator may be
entered in any court having iunsdiction. Nothing in this Deed of Trust shall preclude any party tram seeking equitable relief from a court of
competent jurisdiction. The statute of limitations. estoppel, waiver, Iaches, and similar doctrines which would otherwise be applicable in an
action brouwt by a party shall be applicable in any arbitration proceeding. and the commencement ot an arbitration proceeding shall be
deemed the commencement ot an action for these purposes. The Federal Arbitration Act shall apply to the construction, interpretation, and
enforcement of this arbitration provision.
Caption Hearings. Caption headings in this Deed of Trust are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define
the provisions of this Deed of Trust.
Merger. There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Deed of Trust with any other interest or estate in the Property at g
any time held by or for the benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent of Lender.  
Governing Law. This Deed of Trust will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted by federal law,  
the laws of the State of Oregon without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. This Deed of Trust has been accepted by Lender in the  
State of Oregon.
Choice of Venue. lf there is a lawsuit, Grantor agrees upon Lender‘s request to submit to the runsdiction of the courts or Deschutes
County, State of Oregon.
Joint and Several Liability. All obligations of Grantor under this Deed of Trust shall be mint and several, and all references to Grantor shall
mean each and every Grantor. This means that each Grantor signing below is responsible tor all obligations in this Deed of Trust.
No Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Deed of Trust unless such waiver is given in writing
and signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate as e waiver or such right or any
other ri ht. A waiver by Lender or a provision of this Deed of Trust shall not preiudice or constitute a waiver of Lender's nght otherwise to
demand strict compliance with that provision or any other provision of this Deed of Trust. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any cours  ot
dealing between Lender and Grantor, shall constitute a waiver ot any of l.ender's rights or of any of Grentor‘s obligatzons as to any future
transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this Deed of Trust, the granting of such consent by Lender in any instance
shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be
granted or withheld in the sole discretion ol Lender.
Severability. If a court of competent iurlsdiction finds any provision of this Deed of Trust to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any
person or circumstance, that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any other person or
circumstance. lf teaslble, the offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal, valid end enforceable. lf the
offending provision cannot be so modified, it shall be considered deleted from this Deed of Trust. Unless otherwise required by law, the
lllegality, invalidity. or unenforceability ot any provision of this Deed of Trust shell not affect the legality, validity or enforceability ot any
other provision of this Deed of Trust.
Successor: and Assign:. Subiect to any limitations stated in this Deed of Trust on transter of Grantor’s interest, this Deed of Trust shell be
bindin  upon and inure to the benefit ofthe parties, their successors and assigns. lf ownership ot the Property becomes vested in e person
other than Grantor, Lender. without notice to Grantor, may deal with Grentor's successors with reference to this Deed of Trust and the
Indebtedness by way of forbearance or extension without releasing Grantor trom the obligations ot this Deed of Trust or liability under the
lndebtedness.
Tlme ie of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the pertormenoe of this Deed of Trust. l
Waive Jury. All parties to this Deed of Trust hereby waive the right to any rury trial in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by
any party against any other party. -
Waiver of l·lomestead Exemption. Grantor hereby releases and waives all rights and benefits of the homestead exemption laws ofthe State
of Oregon as to all indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust. l
Commercial Deed of Trust. Grantor agrees with Lender that this Deed of Trust is a commercial deed ot trust and that Grantor will not
change the use of the Property without Lender's prior written consent.
DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized words and terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Deed or Trust. Unless
specifically stated to the contrary, all rererences to dollar amounts  hall mean amounts in lawful money ot the United States of America. Words
and terms used in the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the srngular, as the context may require. Words and terms not
otherwise defined in this Deed of Trust shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code:
Beneficiary. The word "Beneficiary" means Columbia River Bank, end its successors and assigns.
Borrower. The word "Borrower” means Stephen Schlam, Carol Schlam, Gary Webb and Patricia Webb and includes all co·signers and
co-makers signing the Note and all their successors and assigns.
Deed of Trust. The words 'Deed of Trust" mean this Deed of Trust among Grantor, Lender, end Trustee, and includes without limrtation all

____r_____  AV___ g_______;______,____________ ____ ____,__,_,,,,__,__.._,_..,,.,.__.i__..,_,.......i..............L..-.............-....-.......-._.......-..».~..................-......`........-- .... .. ....... - ............. -....-.-.. ....  
DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 95089 ic0|’It|I'lI..I8dl Page 6
 
assignment and security interest provisions relating to the Personal Property and Rents.
Default. The word 'Default” means the Default set forth in this Deed of Trust in the section titled "Default'.
Environmental Laws. The words 'Environmental Laws" mean any and all state, federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances
relating to the protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. ("CERCLA”), the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 ('SARA"l, the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq.,
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901,_ et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws, rules, or
regulations adopted pursuant thereto or intended to protect human health or the environment.
Event of Default. The words ”Event of Default" me  n any of the events of default set forth in this Deed of Trust in the events of default e
section of this Deed of Trust.
Grantor. The word "Grantor" means Stephen Schlam, Carol Schlam, Gary Webb and Patricia Webb.
Guarantor. The word "Guaran1nor' means any guarantor, surety, or accommodation party of any or all Of the indebtedness. I
Guaranty. The word "Guaranty' means thegueranty from Guarantor to Lender, including- without limitation a guaranty 01 all or part ofthe
Note.
Hazardous Substances. The words 'Hazerdous Substances" mean materials that, because of their quen1:ity, concentration or physical,
chemical or infectious charactenstics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when
improperly used, treated, stored, disposed ot, generated, manufactured, transported or otherwise handled. The words 'Hazardous
Substances" are used in their very broadest sense and include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or
waste as defined by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term 'Hazardous Substances" also includes, without limitation,
petroleum, including crude oil and any fraction thereof and asbestos.
Improvements. The word "Improvements" means all existing and future improvements, buildings, structures, mobile homes affixed on the
Real Pr0D€l'TY, facilities, additions, replacements and other construction on the Reel Property.
Indebtedness. The word 'lndebtedness" means The word "lndebtedrress" means the indebtedness evidenced by the Note, or Related
Documents, including all principal and interest together with all other indebtedness and costs and expenses for which Borrower is
responsible under this Agreement or under any Ol the Related Documents. Specifically, without limitation, Indebtedness includes the future
advances set forth in the Future Advances provision, together with all interest thereon and all amounts that may be indirectly secured by
the Cross—ColIateraIizat10n provision ofthe Agreement..
Lender. The word "l.encler' means Columbia River Bank, its successors and assigns.
Note. The word 'Note" means the promissory note dated June 3, 2008, irl the original principal amount of $256,400.00 from
Grantor to Lender, together with ell renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for
the promissory note or agreement. The maturity date of the Note is April 2, 2009.
Personal Property. The words "Personal Property" mean all equipment, fixtures, and other articles of personal property now or hereafter
owned by Grantor,  nd now or hereafter attached or affixed to the Real Property; together with all accessions, parts, and additions to, all
replacements of, and ell substitutions for, any Of such property; and together with all proceeds Gncluding without limitation all insurance
proceeds and refunds of premiums) from any sale or other disposition of the Property.
Property. The word 'Property' means collectively the Real Property and the Personal Property.
Real Property. The words 'Re l Property" mean the reel property, interests and rights, as further described in this Deed ol Trust.
Related Documents. The words 'Related Documents" mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental
agreements, guaranties, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments,
agreements and documents, whether now or hereafter existing, executed in connection with tha Indebtedness.
Rents. The word "Flents' means all present and future rents, revenues, income, issues, royalties, profits, and other benefits derived from I
the Property.
Trustee. The word 'Trustee" means Amertitle, whose address is 15 Oregon Ave., Bend, OR 97709 and any substitute or successor
trustees.
EACH GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS DEED OF TRUST, AND EACH GRANTOR AGREES T0 lTS
TERMS.
GRANTOR:/ i /Y A
  / ’ M KQ 4%
X 4 » -. or X @.4% 4 r
·  phe  S am ' V Carol Scham ·
/ M/_,,...··»···
j I   0
x ‘é 1 ’
Gary ·   'cla Webb
LENDER:
COLUMBIA RIVER BANK
  `
Authorized Officer
_ l

. · ‘ e   `—‘—
_______  5 ;___________________ ,__ ,___,,l......,_....,..;___,_,....-.......;...--—~......-..........-.».......L.-...----........-...---....-....-...- ....
DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 95089 (Continued) Page 7
 
 
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWL
) M ELIZABETH MIRANDA
g ”` T _ ‘ _ ’”  Commission # l572449
STATE °F   I g gég?  Nolory Public - California E
, I $9 "    Son Diego Counly
COUNTY OF S 3 I     [ : 3 Q I Q ··I ‘ MyC0mm.Explres M¤y2l,2009t
On this dey betore me, the undersigned Notary Public. ¤¤¤Q9nalIy appeared ary Webb; and Patricia Webb. to
me known to be the individuals described in and who executed the Deed of Trust, end acknowledged that they signed the Deed of Trust as their g
free and voluntary act deed, for the uses and purposes theram mentioned,-` i
Given under my ha d official seal this S Z LV day ot "’ . 20_Q_&. l
Z` rt i _ '
By Reeiding at ’ . - 7/ 3 é
otary blic in and for the State of (       of Pl r k Mycommieslon expies 5 ·   {V- Q  
 
LENDER ACKNOWLEDGMENT
STATE OF I
ISS
couutv or I
On this day of - j— _......_.. . 20 , before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally
appeared and known to me to be the . authorized agent for
Columbia River Bank that executed the within and foregoing instrument and acknowledged said instrument to be the tree and voluntary act and
deed of Columbia River Bank, duly authorized by Columbia River Bank through its board or directors or otherwise, ior the uses and purposes
therein mentioned, and on oath stated that he or she is authorized to execute this said instrument and in fact executed this said instrument on
behalf of Columbia River Bank.
By Reslding at
Notary Public in and for the State of My commission expires
 
REQUEST FOR FULL RECONVEYANCE
(To be used only when obligations have been paid in tuIl)
T0: _ ‘ , Trustee
The undersigned is the legal owner and holder of all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust. All sums secured by this Deed of Trust have
been fully paid and satisfied. You are hereby directed, upon payment to you ot any sums owing to you under the terms of this Deed of Trust_or
pursuant to any applicable statute, to cancel the Note secured by this Deed of Trust (which is delivered to you together with this Deed of Trust), l
and to reeonvey, without warranty, to the parties designated by the terms ot this Deed of Trust, the estate now held by you under this Deed ot
Trust. Please mail the reconveyance and Related Documents to:
 
Date: Beneficiary: ‘ l
¤y= `
Its:  
LA$€lFIOundl•|.VU.5.1t|0.N| 0en.M¤hnlR•u»di$dt•l•n;lne.I¤|7. IRI. AI@¤ln•n•d. ·¤I lIlCI\LPLl¤¤1J¢ 'I’k·0&i FIJI  
l
l
l
l
l

State of Oregon
County of Deschutes
This instrument was acknowledged before me on June 6, 2008 by Stephen M. Schlam
and Carol A. Schlam.
;5., OFFICIAL SEAL (Q 6 I -· A  
fs _¢;»r», cvrm-11A;L$g¤6%4Elg•ON  
· vw;. t Nomnv PU - ·
*¥1.& GO111,..SS.O.1 NO. 399177 Marv F’¤b*·<= fm Greg >
ww commission zxpnnes Nov. 11. zoos
My commission expires // 12 {CH

