DEED OF TRUST
(HOME EQUITY CONVERSION)
Requested by and returned to: _
Liberty Reverse Mortgage, Inc.
10951 White Rock Road, Suite 200
Rancho Cordova, CA 95670
FHA Case Number: 431-4376382/952-255
\  
\ State of Oregon ADJUSTABLE RATE »
LINE OF CREDIT DEED OF TRUST
U6  36859
THIS DEED OF TRUST ("Security Instrument") is made on May 30, 2008. The Grantor is GARY L. HUNTER whose address
is 52605 Railroad Street, La Pine, OR 97739 ("Borrower"). The trustee is FIDELITY NATIONAL TITLE, 5931
PRIESTLY DRIVE # 102, CARLSBAD, CA 92008 ("Trustee"). The beneficiary is Liberty Reverse Mortgage, Inc., which is
organized and existing under the laws of California, and whose address is 10951 White Rock Road, Suite 200, Rancho
Cordova, CA 95670 ("Lender"). Borrower has agreed to repay to Lender amounts which Lender is obligated to advance,
including future advances, under the terms of a Home Equity Conversion Loan Agreement dated the same date as this Security
Instrtunent ("Loan Agreement"). The agreement to repay is evidenced by Borrower's Note dated the same date as this Security
Instrument ("Note"). This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment of the debt evidenced by the Note, with
interest, and all renewals, extensions and modifications of the Note, up to a maximum principal amount of Two Hundred
Twenty-Six Thousand Five Hundred and 00/100 Dollars ($226,500.00); (b) the payment of all other sums, with interest,
advanced under Paragraph 5 to protect the security of this Security Instrument or otherwise due under the tenns of this Security
Instrument; and (c) the perfonnance of Borrower's covenants and agreements under this Security Instrument and the Note. The
full debt, including all amounts described in (a), (b), and (c) above, if not paid earlier, is due and payable on May 02, 2090. For
this purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the following described property
located in Deschutes County, Oregon:
The real property located at the address 52605 Railroad Street, La Pine, in the county of Deschutes, state of OR, described more
fully on Exhibit A attached to this Deed of Trust.
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements, rights, appurtenances, and
fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and additions shall also be covered by this Security Instrument.
All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the "Property."
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby conveyed and has the right to mortgage, grant
and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered. Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the
Property against all claims and demands, subject to any encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non-uniform covenants with limited
variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
OR l" Deed of Trust
-1-
Qgtrlitxv
·<\..¥»"*
A   T` rr·—···——·t—&— - 
QQQ DESCHUTES COUNTY OFFICIRL RECORDS
\·\\>‘\€·$ NRNCY BLRNKENSHIP , COUNTY CLERK  
a%°
° |I|||||I||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| *°‘°°
`   ` 00l1736420 80 24145 110115          
I n-¤·r cum sums rc ` `
$55.00 $11.00 $10.00 $5.00

1. Payment of Principal and Interest. Borrower shall pay when due the principal of] and interest on, the debt evidenced by the
Note.
2. Payment of Property Charges. Borrower shall pay all property charges consisting of taxes, ground rents, flood and hazard
r insurance premiums, and special assessments in a timely manner, and shall provide evidence of payment to Lender, rurless Lender
A pays property charges by withholding funds from monthly payments due to the Borrower or by charging such payments to a line
l of credit as provided for in the Loan Agreement.
" 3. Fire, Flood and Other Hazard Insurance. Borrower shall insure all improvements on the Property, whether now in existence L
or subsequently erected, against any hazards, casualties, and contingencies, including fire. This insurance shall be maintained in
the amounts, to the extent and for the periods required by Lender or the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development
("Secretary"). Borrower shall also insure all improvements on the Property, whether now in existence or subsequently erected,
against loss by floods to the extent required by the Secretary. All insurance shall be carried with companies approved by Lender.
The insurance policies and any renewals shall be held by Lender and shall include loss payable clauses in favor of, and in a form
acceptable to, Lender.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give Lender immediate notice by mail. Lender may make proof of loss if not made promptly
by Borrower. Each insurance company concerned is hereby authorized and directed to make payment for such loss Lender, ,
instead of to Borrower and Lender jointly. Insurance proceeds shall be applied to restoration or repair of the damaged Property, if  
the restoration or repair is economically feasible and Lender's security is not lessened. If the restoration or repair is not
economically feasible or Lender's security would be lessened, the insurance proceeds shall be applied first to the reduction of any
indebtedness under a Second Note and Second Security Instrument held by the Secretary on the Property and then to the reduction
of the indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument. Any excess insurance proceeds over an amount required to pay
all outstanding indebtedness tmder the Note and this Security Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
  In the event of foreclosure of this Security Instrument or other transfer of title to the Property that extinguishes the indebtedness,
all right, title and interest of Borrower in and to insurance policies in force shall pass to the purchaser.
4. Occupancy, Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Borrower's Loan Application; Leaseholds.
Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower's principal residence after the execution of this Security
Instrument and Borrower (or at least one Borrower, if initially more than one person are Borrowers) and shall continue to occupy
the Property as Borrower's principal residence for the term of the Security Instrument. "Principal residence" shall have the same
meaning as in the Loan Agreement. _
Borrower shall not corrunit waste or destroy, damage or substantially change the Property or allow the Property to deteriorate,
reasonable wear and tear excepted. Borrower shall also be in default if Borrower, during the loan application process, gave
materially false or inaccurate information or statements to Lender (or failed to provide Lender with any material information) in
connection with the Loan evidenced by the Note, including, but not limited to, representations concerning Borrower's occupancy
of the Property as a principal residence. If this Security Instrimrent is on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply with the provisions
of the lease. If Borrower acquires fee title to the Property, the leasehold and fee title shall not be merged unless Lender agrees to `
merger in writing.
5. Charges to Borrower and Protection of Lender's Rights in the Property. Borrower shall pay all govemmental or
municipal charges, fines and impositions that are not included in Paragraph 2. Borrower shall pay these obligations on time
directly to the entity which is owed the payment. If failure to pay would adversely affect Lender's interest in the Property, upon
Lender's request Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender receipts evidencing these payments. Borrower shall' promptly
discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument in the manner provided in Paragraph l2(c).
If Borrower fails to make these payments or the property charges required by Paragraph 2, or fails to perform any other covenants
and agreements contained in this Security Instrument, or there is a legal proceeding that may significantly affect Lender's rights in
V the Property (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, for condemnation or to enforce laws or regulations), then Lender may do and
OR l" Deed of Trust
-2-

pay whatever is necessary to protect the value of the Property and Lender's rights in the Property, including payment of taxes,
hazard insurance and other items mentioned in Paragraph 2.
To protect Lender‘s security in the Property, Lender shall advance and charge to Borrower all amounts due to the Secretary for the
Mortgage Insurance Premium ("MIP") as defined in the Loan Agreement as well as all sums due to the loan servicer for servicing
_ activities ("Servicing Fee") as defmed in the Loan Agreement. Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this Paragraph are
obligatory and shall become an additional debt of Borrower as provided for in the Loan Agreement and shall be secured by this
Security Instrument.
6. Inspection. Lender or its agent may enter on, inspect or make appraisals of the Property in a reasonable manner and at
reasonable times provided that Lender shall give the Borrower notice prior to any inspection or appraisal specifying a purpose for
the inspection or appraisal which must be related to Lender‘s interest in the Property. If the Property is vacant or abandoned or the
loan is in default, Lender may take reasonable action to protect and preserve such vacant or abandoned Property without notice to
the Borrower.
7. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, in connection with any
condemnation, or other taking of any part of the Property, or for conveyance in place of condemnation shall be paid to Lender.
The proceeds shall be applied first to the reduction of any indebtedness under a Second Note and Second Security Instrument held .
by the Secretary on the Property, and then to the reduction of the indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument. Any  
excess proceeds over an amount required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the Note and this Secruity Instrument shall be
paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
  8. Fees. Lender may collect fees and charges authorized by the Secretary.
9. Grounds for Acceleration of Debt. .
(a) Due and Payable. Lender may require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrrunent it? _
(i) A Borrower dies and the Property is not the principal residence of at least one surviving Borrower; or
(ii) All of a Borrowers title in the Property (or his or her beneficial interest in a trust owning all or part of the Property)
is sold or otherwise transferred an no other Borrower retains (a) title to the Property in fee simple, (b) a leasehold
under a lease for not less than 99 years which is renewable or a lease having a remaining period of not less than 50
years beyond the date of the l00th birthday of the youngest Borrower (or a beneficial interest in a trust with such an
‘ interest in the Property), or (c) a life estate in the Property.
(b) Due and Payable with Secretary Approval. Lender may require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this
Security Instrument, upon approval by an authorized representative of the Secretary, if:
(i) The Property ceases to be the principal residence of a Borrower for reasons other than death and the Property is not
the principal residence of at least one other Borrower; or
(ii) For a period of longer than twelve (12) consecutive months, a Borrower fails to physically occupy the Property
because of physical or mental illness and the Property is not the principal residence of at least one other Borrower;
or `
(iii) An obligation of the Borrower under this Security Instrument is not performed.
(c) Notice to Lender. Borrower shall notify Lender whenever any of the events listed in subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this
Paragraph 9(a)(ii) or (b) occur.
d) Notice to Secretary and Borrower. Lender shall notify the Secretary and Borrower whenever the loan becomes due and
payable tmder this Paragraph 9(a)(ii) and (b). Lender shall not have the right to commence foreclosure until Borrower has
had thirty (30) days after notice to either:
OR ls' Deed of Trust
-3- q _

l
(i) Correct the matter which resulted in the Security Instrument coming due and payable; or
l (ii) Pay the balance in full; or
(iii) Sell the Property for the lesser of the balance or 95% of the appraised value and apply the net proceeds of the sale
toward the balance; or
(iv) Provide the Lender with a deed in lieu of foreclosure.
(e) Trusts. Conveyance of a Borrower's interest in the Property to a trust which meets the requirements of the Secretary, or
conveyance of a trust's interests in the Property to a Borrower, shall not be considered a conveyance for purposes of this
Paragraph. A trust shall not be considered an occupant or be considered as having a principal residence for purposes of this
Paragraph 9.
(i) Mortgage Not Insured. Borrower agrees that should this Security Instrument and the Note not be eligible for insurance
under the National Housing Act within eight (8) months from the date hereof, Lender may, at its option, require irmnediate
payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument. A written statement of any authorized agent of the .
  Secretary dated subsequent to eight (8) months from the date hereof] declining to insure this Security Instrument and the
i Note, shall be deemed conclusive proof of such ineligibility. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this option may not be
exercised by Lender when the unavailability of insurance is solely due to Lender's failure to remit a mortgage insurance
` premium to the Secretary.
l0. No_ Deficiency Judgments. Borrower shall have no personal liability for payment of the debt secured by this Security
Instrument. Lender may enforce the debt only through sale of the Property. Lender shall not be permitted to obtain a deficiency
judgment against Borrower if the Security Instrument is foreclosed. If this Security Instrument is assigned to the Secretary upon
demand by the Secretary, Borrower shall not be liable for any difference between the mortgage insurance benefits paid to Lender
and the outstanding indebtedness, including accrued interest, owed by Borrower at the time of the assignment.
ll. Reinstatement. Borrower has a right to be reinstated if Lender has required immediate payment in full. This right applies
even after foreclosure proceedings are instituted. To reinstate this Security Instrument, Borrower shall correct the condition which
resulted in the requirement for immediate payment in full. Foreclosure costs and reasonable and customary attorneys' fees and
expenses properly associated with a foreclosure proceeding shall be added to the principal balance. Upon reinstatement by
Borrower, this Security Instrument and the obligations that it secures shall remain in effect as if Lender had not required
immediate payment in full. However, Lender is not required to permit reinstatement if:(i) Lender has accepted reinstatement after
the commencement of foreclosure proceedings within two (2) years immediately preceding the commencement of a cturent
foreclosure proceeding, (ii) reinstatement will preclude foreclosure on different grounds in the future, or (iii) reinstatement will
adversely affect the priority of the Security Instrument. V
12. First_Lien Status
(a) Modification. Borrower agrees to extend this Security Instrument in accordance with this Paragraph l2(a). If Lender
determines that the original lien status of the Sectuity Instrument is jeopardized under state law (including but not limited to
situations where the amount secured by the Security Instrument equals or exceeds the maximum principal amotmt stated or the
maximum period tmder which loan advances retain the same lien priority initially granted to loan advances has expired) and
state law permits the original lien status to be maintained for future loan advances through the execution and recordation of one
or more doctunents, then Lender shall obtain title evidence at Borrower's expense. If the title evidence indicates that the
Property is not encumbered by any liens (except this Security Instrument, the Second Security Instrument described in
Paragraph l3(a) and any subordinate liens that the Lender determines will also be subordinate to any future loan advances),
. Lender shall request the Borrower to execute such documents. If state law does not permit the original lien status to be
extended to future loan advances, Borrower will be deemed to have failed to have performed an obligation tmder this Security
Instrument.
OR l" Deed of Trust
-4-

(b) Tax Deferral Programs. Borrower shall not participate in a real estate tax deferral program, if any liens created by the tax
deferral are not subordinate to this Security Instrument.
(c) Prior Liens. Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument unless Borrower: (a) —
agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a marmer acceptable to Lender; (b) contests in good
faith the lien by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings which in the Lender’s opinion operate to
prevent the enforcement of the lien or forfeiture of any part of the Property; or (c) secures from the holder of the lien an .
p agreement satisfactory to Lender subordinating the lien to all amounts secured by this Security Instrument. If Lender
j determines that any part of the Property is subject to a lien which may attain priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may
j give Borrower a notice identifying the lien. Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take, one or more of the actions set forth above
l within ten (10) days of the giving of notice.
13. Relationship to Second Security Instrument. _ V
(a) Second Security Instrument. In order to secure payments which the Secretary may make to or on behalf of Borrower
pursuant to Section 255(i)(l)(A) of the National Housing Act and the Loan Agreement, unless otherwise provided by the
Secretary, the Secretary has required Borrower to execute a Second Note and Second Security Instrument on the Property.
l (b) Relationship of First and Second Security Instruments. Payments made by the Secretary shall not be included in the debt  
under the Note unless:
(i) This Security Instrument is assigned to the Secretary; or
(ii) The Secretary accepts reimbursement by the Lender for all payments made by the Secretary.
If the circumstances described in (i) or (ii) occur, then all payments by the Secretary, including interest on the payments but
excluding late charges paid by the Secretary, shall be included in the debt under the Note.
(c) Effect on Borrower. Where there is no assignment or reimbursement as described in (b)(i) or (ii) and the Secretary makes
payments to Borrower, then Borrower shall not:
(i) Be required to pay amounts owed under the Note, or pay any rents and revenues of the Property under Paragraph 19
to Lender or a receiver of the Property, until-the Secretary has required payment in full of all outstanding principal
and accrued interest under the Second Note; or
(ii) Be obligated to pay interest or shared appreciation under the Note at any time, whether accrued before or after the
payments by the Secretary, and whether or not accrued interest has been included in the principal balance under the
Note.
(d) No Duty of the Secretary. The Secretary has no duty to Lender to enforce covenants of the Second Security Instrument or to
take actions to preserve the value of the Property, even though Lender may be unable to collect amounts owed under the Note
because of restrictions in this Paragraph 13.
14. Forbearance by Lender Not a Waiver. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or remedy shall not be a waiver
of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy.
15. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability. The covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument
shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender. Borrower may not assign any rights or obligations under this Security
Instrument or under the Note, except to a trust that meets the requirements of the Secretary. Borrowers covenants and agreements
shall be joint and several.
16. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by delivering it or by mailing it by
first class mail rurless applicable law requires use of another method. The notice shall be directed to the Property Address or any
OR ls' Deed of Trust
-5-

I I other address all Borrowers jointly designate. Any notice to Lender shall be given by first class mail to Lender's address stated I
herein or any address Lender designates by notice to Borrower. Any notice provided for in this Security Instrument shall be
deemed to have been given to Borrower or Lender when given as provided in this Paragraph 16.
17. Governing Law; Severability. This Security Instrument shall be governed by Federal law and the law of the jurisdiction in
which the Property is located. In the event that any provision or clause of this Security Instrument or the Note conflicts with
applicable law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or the Note which can be given effect
’ without the conflicting provision. To this end the provisions of this Security Instrument and the Note are declared to be severable.
. 18. Borrower's Copy. Borrower shall be given one conformed copy of the Note and this Security Instrument.
NON-UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows;
19. Assignment of Rents. Borrower unconditionally assigns and transfers to Lender all the rents and revenues of the Property. _
Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender's agents to collect the rents and revenues and hereby directs each tenant of the Property to
pay the rents to Lender or Lender's agents. However, prior to Lender's Notice to Borrower of Borrower's breach of any covenant
or agreement in the Security Instrument, Borrower shall collect and receive all rents and revenues of the Property as trustee for the
benefit of Lender and Borrower. This assigmnent of rents constitutes an absolute assignment and not an assignment for additional
N security only.
( If Lender gives notice of breach to Borrower: (a) all rents received by Borrower shall be held by Borrower as trustee for benefit of
1 Lender only, to be applied to the sums secured by this Secruity Instrument; (b) Lender shall be entitled to collect and receive all of
  the rents of the Property; and (c) each tenant of the Property shall pay all rents due and unpaid to Lender or Lender's agent on
Lender's written demand to the tenant.
Borrower has not executed any prior assignment of the rents and has not and will not perform any act that would prevent Lender
from exercising its rights under this Paragraph 19.
Lender shall not be required to enter upon, take control of or maintain the Property before or after giving notice of breach to
Borrower. However, Lender or a judicially appointed receiver may do so at any time there is a breach. Any application of rents
shall not cure or waive any default or invalidate any other right or remedy of Lender. This assignment of rents of the Property
shall terminate when the debt secured by this Security Instrument is paid in full.
20. Foreclosure Procedure. Lender shall be entitled to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided in this
Paragraph 20, including, but not limited to, reasonable attomeys' fees and costs of title evidence.
v For any event of acceleration under Paragraph 9, in addition to any other remedy provided by law, Lender may invoke the power
of sale, Lender shall execute or cause Trustee to execute a written notice of the occurrence of an event of default and of Lender's
election to cause the Property to be sold and shall cause such notice to be recorded in each county in which any part of the
Property is located. Lender or Trustee shall give notice of sale in the manner prescribed by applicable law to Borrower and to
other persons prescribed by applicable law. After the time required by applicable law, Trustee, without demand on Borrower,
shall sell the Property at public auction to the highest bidder at the time and place and under the terms designated in the notice of
sale in one or more parcels and in any order Trustee determines. Trustee may postpone sale of all or any parcel of the Property by
public announcement at the time and place of any previously scheduled sale. Lender or its designee may purchase the Property at
any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee's deed conveying the Property without any covenant or warranty, expressed or
implied. The recitals in the Trustee's deed shall be prima facie evidence of the truth of the statements made therein. Trustee shall
apply the proceeds of the sale in the following order: (a) to all expenses of the sale, including, but not limited to, reasonable
Trustee's and attomeys' fees; (b) to all sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) any excess to the person or persons
legally entitled to it.
. OR l" Deed of Trust
-6-

 
If lender invokes the power of sale, lender shall give notice of sale to Borrower in the manner provided in Paragraph 16. Lender
shall publish and post the notice of sale, and the Property shall be sold in the manner prescribed by applicable law. Lender or its _
designee may purchase the Property at any sale. The proceeds of the sale shall be applied in the following order: (a) to all
expenses of the sale, including but not limited to reasonable attomeys' fees; (b) to all sums secured by this Security Instrument; j
and (c) any excess to the person or persons legally entitled to it.
21. Lien Priority. The full amount secured by this Security Instrument shall have the same priority over any other liens on the
Property as if the full amount had been disbursed on the date the initial disbursement was made, regardless of the actual date of
any disbursement. The amount secured by this Security Instrument shall include all direct payments by Lender to Borrower and
all other loan advances pennitted by this Secruity Instrument for any purpose. This lien priority shall apply notwithstanding any
State constitution, law or regulation, except that this lien priority shall not affect the priority of any liens for unpaid State or local
governmental unit special assessments or taxes. -
22. Adjustable Rate Feature. Under the Note, the initial stated interest rate of Three and 59/100 percent (3.590%) which
accrues on the unpaid principal balance ("Initial Interest Rate") is subject to change, as described below. When the interest rate
changes, the new adjusted interest rate will be applied to the total outstanding principal balance. Each adjustment to the interest
rate will be based upon the weekly average yield on United States Treasury Secruities adjusted to a constant mattuity of one year ‘
("Index")plus a margin. The Index is published in the Federal Reserve Bulletin and made available by the United States Treasury
Department in Statistical Release H.l5(5l9). If the Index is no longer available, Lender will be required to use any index
prescribed by the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The new index will have a historical movement substantially
similar to the original index, and the new index and margin will result in an annual percentage rate that is substantially similar to
the rate in effect at the time the original index becomes unavailable.
Lender will perform the calculations described below to determine the new adjusted interest rate. The interest rate may change on
August l, 2008, and on the first day of __ and on that day of each succeeding year, or _L_ the first day of each succeeding
month (Change Date) until the loan is repaid in full.
The value of the Index will be determined, using the most recent Index figure available thirty (30) days before the Change Date
("Current Index"). Before each Change Date, the new interest rate will be calculated by adding a margin to the Current Index. I
The sum of the margin plus the Current Index will be called the "Calculated Interest Rate" for each Change Date. The Calculated
Interest Rate will be compared to the interest rate in effect irnrnediately prior to the current Change Date (the "Existing Interest
Rate).
__ Annually Adjusting Variable Rate Feature — The interest rate will never increase or decrease by more than
two percentage points (2.0%) on any single Change Date. The interest rate will never be more than tive
percentage points (5.0%) higher or lower than the initial interest rate stated in Paragraph 2 of this Note.
i Monthly Adjusting Variable Rate Feature - The Calculated Interest Rate will never increase above 13.590%.
The Calculated Interest Rate will be adjusted if necessary to comply with the rate limitation(s) described above and will be in
effect until the next Change Date. At any change date, if the Calculated Interest Rate equals the Existing Interest Rate, the interest
rate will not change.
23. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Secruity Instrument, Lender shall request Trustee to reconvey the
Property and shall surrender this Security Instrument and all notes evidencing debt secured by this Security Instrument to Trustee.
Trustee shall reconvey the Property without warranty and without charge to the person or persons legally entitled to it. Such
person or persons shall pay any recordation costs. I
24. Substitute Trustee. Lender may from time to time remove Trustee and appoint a successor trustee to any Trustee appointed
hereunder. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor trustee shall succeed to all the title, power and duties conferred
upon trustee herein and by applicable law.
25. Attorneys' Fees. As used in this Secruity Instrument and in the Note, "attorneys' fees" shall include any attomeys' fees
Oregon ls' Deed of Trust -7-

l
I
I awarded by an appellate court. —
26. Obligatory Loan Advances. Lender's responsibility to make Loan Advances under the terms of the Loan Agreement, .
including Loan Advances of principal to Borrower as well as Loan Advances for interest, MIP, Servicing Fees, and other charges
shall be obligatory.
27. Riders to this Security Instrument. If one or more riders are executed by Borrower and recorded together with this Security  
Instrument, the covenants of each such rider shall be incorporated into and shall amend and supplement the covenants and
agreements of this Security Instrument as if the rider(s) were a part of this Security Instrument. [Check all riders that are
applicable].
- Condominium Rider _ PUD Rider
_ Shared A   reciation Rider - Other
‘ WARNING
Unless you provide us with evidence of the insurance coverage as required by our contract or loan agreement, we
may purchase insurance at your expense to protect our interest. This insurance may, but need not, also protect your
interest. If the collateral becomes damaged, the coverage we purchase may not pay any claim you make or any
claim made against you. You may later cancel this coverage by providing evidence that you have obtained
property coverage elsewhere.
You are responsible for the cost of any insurance purchased by us. The cost of this insurance may be added to your
contract or loan balance. If the cost is added to your contract or loan balance, the interest rate on the underlying
contract or loan will apply to this added amount. The effective date of coverage may be the date your prior
coverage lapsed or the date your failed to provide proof of coverage.
The coverage we purchase may be considerably more expensive than insurance you can obtain on your own and _
may not satisfy any need for property damage coverage or any mandatory liability insurance requirements imposed
by applicable law.
Wimesses: `
i Signature:
G  §UNTER %   E I
Oregon l" Deed of Trust .g-

STATE OF OREGON County of     O)/l  
This instrument was acknowledged before me on May 30, 2008 by § Q 0/V' 3 L · Hl ( Q  
l name(s) or person(s)), p me (or proved to me on the basis of sfactory evidence) to be the perso   whose
name¢)[iZs/a.re subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that  y executed the same ' 'r
authorized capacity@gs)(and that by  signaturegs)’on the instrument the person(s){>r the entity upon behalf of which
the person(5{ acted, executed the instrument.
WITNESS my hand and official sea K V
Signature   (Seal) ·
Place of Residence / O  
TitleandRank /V   , It A y ‘ ···~· ` ·»=ee · .  
séggbx • FF!  ZAL. 3gAl
My commission expires {  / / Z , 2’0[[      
l j   M$<>MM•sspn-»~¤‘_;·4g,—§,'; t
  1   ‘ a `  .;n`  °?"”S‘°”‘E’°’¤SN¤v1&z¤v1
Oregon l“ Deed of Trust -9-

EXHIBIT A i
Exhibit A to the Deed of Trust made on May 30, 2008, by GARY L. HUNTER ("Borrower") to FIDELITY L
NATIONAL TITLE ("Trustee") for the benefit of Liberty Reverse Mortgage, Inc., ("Lender"). The Property is .
located in the county of Deschutes, state of OR, described as follows:
Description of Property
Legal Description attached hereto as 'Exhibit A' and by this reference made a part hereof.
Oregon ls' Deed of Trust -]()-

LEGAL DESCRIPTION
The land referred to in the Commitment is situated in the County of Deschutes, State of Oregon, and is more ihlly
described as follows:
The North half of Lot One, Block Three and all of Lot Ten, Block Four,
Plat Number 8 of CAGLE SUBDIVISION, Deschutes County, Oregon
_ APN 21 1036 AC 01700

