f? .
.i"`{> l°\¤“'¤ <> bk ‘il¤ L
154 201 343010-5
DESCHUTES COUNTY OFFICIRL RECORDS
NRNCY BLRNKENSHIP , COUNTY CLERK  
.   $oo.oo
I   ]||||iI||i||I|l|| i||||||l|||||i||||||li|IIIIII
WASHINGTON FEDERAL SAVINGS 0 0175702000O  243310000141      
  n-nr Cn1¤1 son-: re
  $70.00 $11.00 $10.00 $5.00
Bend OR 97702 -E- - EEEEE EEE- -E-   -  - --  - -  ~
Attn:
W   [Space Above This Line For Recording Data]  
GO DEED OF TRUST
DEFINITIONS
Words used in multiple sections of this document are defined below and other words are defined in
Sections 3, 11, 13, 18, 20 and 21. Certain rules regarding the usage of words used in this document are
also provided in Section 16.
(A) "Security Instrument" means this document, which is dated May 22nd, 2008 ,
together with all Riders to this document.
(B) "Borrower" is
RODNEY G HATCHELL AND MICHELE R HATCHELL, AS HUSBAND AND WIFE .
Borrower is the trustor under this Security Instrument.
(C) "Lender" is Washington Federal Savings. Lender is a Federally Chartered Savings and Loan
Association organized and existing under the laws of The United States of America. Lender’s mailing
address is 300 Ellsworth SW, Albany, Oregon 97321 .
Lender is the beneficiary under this Security Instrument.
(D) "Trustee" is CHICAGO TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY OF OREGON .
(E) "Note" means the promissory note signed by Borrower and dated May 22nd, 2008 .
The Note states that Borrower owes Lender
TWO HUNDRED NINE THOUSAND AND NO/100S
Dollars (U.S. $209,000.00 ) plus interest. Borrower has promised to pay this debt in regular
Periodic Payments and to pay the debt in full not later than May lst, 2039 .
(F) "Property" means the property that is described below under the heading "Transfer of Rights in the
Property".
(G) "Loan" means the debt evidenced by the Note, plus interest, any prepayment charges and late
charges due under the Note, and all sums due under this Security Instrument, plus interest.
(H) "Riders" means all Riders to this Security Instrument that are executed by Borrower. The following
Riders are to be executed by Borrower [check box as applicable]:
I] Adjustable Rate Rider Ei Condominium Rider D Second Home Rider
I] Balloon Rider I:] Planned Unit Development Rider [3 Other(s) [specify]
ij 1-4 Family Rider ® Addendum to Uniform Deed of Trust
(I) "Applicable Law" means all controlling applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations,
ordinances and administrative rules and orders (that have the effect of law) as well as all applicable final,
non-appealable judicial opinions.
(J) "Community Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments" means all dues, fees, assessments and other
charges that are imposed on Borrower or the Property by a condominium association, homeowners
association or similar organization.
(K) "Electronic Frmds Transfer" means any transfer of funds, other than a transaction originated
by check, draft, or similar paper instrument, which is initiated through an electronic terminal,
telephonic instrument, computer, or magnetic tape so as to order, instruct, or authorize a financial
institution to debit or credit an account. Such term includes, but is not limited to, point—of-sale
I transfers, automated teller machine transactions, transfers initiated by telephone, wire transfers, and
automated clearinghouse transfers.
(L) "Escrow Item" means those items that are described in Section 3.
(M) "Miscellaneous Proceeds" means any compensation, settlement, award of damages, or proceeds
paid by any third party (other than insurance proceeds paid under the coverages described in Section 5)
for: (i) damage to, or destruction of, the Property; (ii) condemnation or other taking of all or any part of
the Property; (iii) conveyance in lieu of condemnation; or (iv) misrepresentations of, or omissions as to,
the value and/or condition of the Property.
Nw; r0G0TdlUU· www to Borrower’s lnitia
Ameriiitle ND `
t5 OREGON AVENUE, BE
OREGON- Single Family - Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
(Page 1 0].11 pages) tosmrom iz/os/oz

(N) "Mortgage Insurance" means insurance protecting Lender against the non payment of, or default on,
the Loan.
(O)"Periodic Payment" means the regularly scheduled amount due for (i) principal and interest
under the Note, plus (ii) any amounts under Section 3 of this Security Instrument.
(P) "RESPA" means the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (12 U.S.C. §260l et seq.) and its
implementing regulation, Regulation X (24 C.F.R. Part 3500), as they might be amended from time to
time, or any additional or successor legislation or regulation that governs the same subject matter. As
used in this Security Instrument, RESPA refers to all requirements and restrictions that are imposed in
regard to a "federally related mortgage loan" even if the Loan does not qualify as a "federally related
mortgage loan" under RESPA.
(Q) "Successor in Interest of Borrower" means any party that has taken title to the Property, whether or
not that party has assumed Borrower’s obligations under the Note and/or this Security Instrument.
TRANSFER OF RIGHTS IN THE PROPERTY
This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (i) the repayment of the Loan, and all renewals, extensions
and modifications of the Note; and (ii) the performance of Borrower’s covenants and agreements under
this Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to
Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the following described property located in
DESCHUTES County, Oregon.
PARCEL ONE (1) OF PARTITION PLAT 2006-64, A PARCEL OF LAND LOCATED IN THE
NORTH HALF (Nl/2) OF SECTION TIHRTY-TWO (32), TOWNSI-HP FOURTEEN (14) SOUTH,
RANGE TI-IIRTEEN (13), EAST OF THE WILLAMETTE MERIDIAN, DESCHUTES COUNTY
OREGON;
which currently has the address of 2550 NW COYNER AVE
[Street]
REDMOND , Oregon 97756 ("Property Address")
[City] [Zip Code]
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all
easements, appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and
additions shall also be covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this
Security Instrument as the "Property."
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seized of the estate hereby conveyed and
has the right to grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for
encumbrances of record. Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all
claims and demands, subject to any encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and
non-uniform covenants with limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument
covering real property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal, Interest, Escrow Items, Prepayment Charges, and Late Charges.
Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and interest on, the debt evidenced by the Note and any
prepayment charges and late charges due under the Note. Borrower shall also pay funds for Escrow Items
pursuant to Section 3. Payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument shall be made in U.S.
currency. However, if any check or other instrument received by Lender as payment under the Note or
this Security Instrument is returned to Lender unpaid, Lender may require that any or all subsequent
payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument be made in one or more of the following
forms, as selected by Lender: (a) cash; (b) money order; (c) certified check, bank check, treasurer’s
check or cashier’s check, provided any such check is drawn upon an institution whose deposits are
insured by a federal agency, instrumentality, or entity; or (d) Electronic Funds Transfer.
Payments are deemed received by Lender when received at the location designated in the Note or
at such other location as may be designated by Lender in accordance with the notice provisions in Section
OREGON- Single Family - Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
' (Page 2 of 11 pages)

154 201 343010-5
15. Lender may retum any payment or partial payment if the payment or partial payments are
insufficient to bring the Loan current. Lender may accept any payment or partial payment insufficient to
bring the Loan current, without waiver of any rights hereunder or prejudice to its rights to refuse such
payment or partial payments in the future, but Lender is not obligated to apply such payments at the time
such payments are accepted. If each Periodic Payment is applied as of its scheduled due date, then
Lender need not pay interest on unapplied funds. Lender may hold such unapplied funds until Borrower
makes payment to bring the Loan current. If Borrower does not do so within a reasonable period of time,
Lender shall either apply such funds or return them to Borrower. If not applied earlier, such funds will
be applied to the outstanding principal balance under the Note immediately prior to foreclosure. No
offset or claim which Borrower might have now or in the future against Lender shall relieve Borrower
from making payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument or performing the covenants and
agreements secured by this Security Instrument.
2. Application of Payments or Proceeds. Except as otherwise described in this Section 2, all
payments accepted and applied by Lender shall be applied in the following order of priority: (a) interest
due under the Note; (b) principal due under the Note; (c) amounts due under Section 3. Such payments
shall be applied to each Periodic Payment in the order in which it became due. Any remaining amounts
shall be applied first to late charges, second to any other amounts due under this Security Instrument, and
then to reduce the principal balance of the Note.
If Lender receives a payment from Borrower for a delinquent Periodic Payment which includes a
sufficient amount to pay any late charge due, the payment may be applied to the delinquent payment and
the late charge. If more than one Periodic Payment is outstanding, Lender may apply any payment
received from Borrower to the repayment of the Periodic Payments if, and to the extent that, each
payment can be paid in full. To the extent that any excess exists after the payment is applied to the full
payment of one or more Periodic Payments, such excess may be applied to any late charges due.
Voluntary prepayments shall be applied first to any prepayment charges and then as described in the
Note.
Any application of payments, insurance proceeds, or Miscellaneous Proceeds to principal due
under the Note shall not extend or postpone the due date, or change the amount, of the Periodic
Payments.
3. Funds for Escrow Items. Borrower shall pay to Lender on the day Periodic Payments are
due under the Note, until the Note is paid in full, a sum (the "Funds") to provide for payment of amounts
due for: (a) taxes and assessments and other items which can attain priority over this Security Instrument
as a lien or encumbrance on the Property; (b) leasehold payments or ground rents on the Property, if any;
(c) premiums for any and all insurance required by Lender under Section 5; and (d) Mortgage Insurance
premiums, if any, or any sums payable by Borrower to Lender in lieu of the payment of Mortgage
Insurance premiums in accordance with the provisions of Section 10. These items are called "Escrow
Items." At origination or at any time during the term of the Loan, Lender may require that Community
Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments, if any, be escrowed by Borrower, and such dues, fees and
assessments shall be an Escrow Item. Borrower shall promptly fumish to Lender all notices of amounts to
be paid under this Section. Borrower shall pay Lender the Funds for Escrow Items unless Lender waives
Borrower’s obligation to pay the Funds for any or all Escrow Items. Lender may waive Borrower’s
obligation to pay to Lender Funds for any or all Escrow Items at any time. Any such waiver may only be
in writing. In the event of such waiver, Borrower shall pay directly, when and where payable, the
amounts due for any Escrow Items for which payment of Funds has been waived by Lender and, if
Lender requires, shall fumish to Lender receipts evidencing such payment within such time period as
Lender may require. Borrower’s obligation to make such payments and to provide receipts shall for all
purposes be deemed to be a covenant and agreement contained in this Security Instrument, as the phrase
"covenant and agreement" is used in Section 9. If Borrower is obligated to pay Escrow Items directly,
pursuant to a waiver, and Borrower fails to pay the amount due for an Escrow Item, Lender may exercise
its rights under Section 9 and pay such amount and Borrower shall then be obligated under Section 9 to
repay to Lender any such amount. Lender may revoke the waiver as to any or all Escrow Items at any
time by a notice given in accordance with Section 15 and, upon such revocation, Borrower shall pay to
Lender all Funds, and in such amounts, that are then required under this Section 3.
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold Funds in an amount (a) sufficient to permit Lender
to apply the Funds at the time specified under RESPA, and (b) not to exceed the maximum amount
a lender can require under RESPA. Lender shall estimate the amount of Funds due on the basis of
current data and reasonable estimates of expenditures of future Escrow Items or otherwise in
accordance with Applicable Law.
The Funds shall be held in an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency,
I instrumentality, or entity (including Lender, if Lender is an institution whose deposits are so insured) or
in any Federal Home Loan Bank. Lender shall apply the Funds to pay the Escrow Items no later than the
time specified under RESPA. Lender shall not charge Borrower for holding and applying the Funds,
annually analyzing the escrow account, or verifying the Escrow Items, unless Lender pays Borrower
interest on the Funds and Applicable Law permits Lender to make such a charge. Unless an agreement is
made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to be paid on the Funds, Lender shall not be
required to pay Borrower any interest or earnings on the Funds. Borrower and Lender can agree in
writing, however, that interest shall be paid on the Funds. Lender shall give to Borrower, without
charge, an annual accounting of the Funds as required by RESPA.
Borrower’s Ini 
OREGON- Single Family - Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
(Page 3 0f11 pages) °‘°57A (Om

If there is a surplus of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall account to
Borrower for the excess funds in accordance with RESPA. If there is a shortage of Funds held in escrow,
j as defined under RESPA, Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower shall pay
l to Lender the amount necessary to make up the shortage in accordance with RESPA, but in no more than
l2 monthly payments. If there is a deficiency of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender
shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower shall pay to Lender the amount necessary to
make up the deficiency in accordance with RESPA, but in no more than l2 monthly payments.
Upon payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall promptly
refund to Borrower any Funds held by Lender.
4. Charges; Liens. Borrower shall pay all taxes, assessments, charges, fines, and impositions
attributable to the Property which can attain priority over this Security Instrument, leasehold payments or
ground rents on the Property, if any, and Community Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments, if any.
To the extent that these items are Escrow Items, Borrower shall pay them in the marmer provided in
Section 3.
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument
unless Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner
acceptable to Lender, but only so long as Borrower is performing such agreement; (b) contests the lien in
good faith by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings which in Lender’s opinion
operate to prevent the enforcement of the lien while those proceedings are pending, but only until such
proceedings are concluded; or (c) secures from the holder of the lien an agreement satisfactory to Lender
subordinating the lien to this Security Instrument. If Lender determines that any part of the Property is
subject to a lien which can attain priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a
notice identifying the lien. Within 10 days of the date on which that notice is given, Borrower shall
satisfy the lien or take one or more of the actions set forth above in this Section 4.
Lender may require Borrower to pay a one—time charge for a real estate tax verification and/or
reporting service used by Lender in cormection with this Loan.
5. Property Insurance. Borrower shall keep the improvements now existing or hereafter erected
on the Property insured against loss by fire, hazards included within the term "extended coverage", and
any other hazards including, but not limited to, earthquakes and floods, for which Lender requires
insurance. This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts (including deductible levels) and for the
periods that Lender requires. What Lender requires pursuant to the preceding sentences can change
during the term of the Loan. The insurance carrier providing the insurance shall be chosen by Borrower
subject to Lender’s right to disapprove Borrower’s choice, which right shall not be exercised
unreasonably. Lender may require Borrower to pay, in connection with this Loan, either: (a) a one—time
charge for flood zone determination, certification and tracking services; or (b) a one-time charge for
flood zone determination and certification services and subsequent charges each time remappings or
similar changes occur which reasonably might affect such determination or certification. Borrower shall
also be responsible for the payment of any fees imposed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency
in connection with the review of any flood zone determination resulting from an objection by Borrower.
If Borrower fails to maintain any of the coverages described above, Lender may obtain insurance
coverage, at Lender’s option and Borrower’s expense. Lender is under no obligation to purchase any
particular type or amount of coverage. Therefore, such coverage shall cover Lender, but might or might
not protect Borrower, Borrower’s equity in the Property, or the contents of the Property, against any
risk, hazard or liability and might provide greater or lesser coverage than was previously in effect.
Borrower acknowledges that the cost of the insurance coverage so obtained might significantly exceed the
cost of insurance that Borrower could have obtained. Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this
Section 5 shall become additional debt of Borrower secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts
shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of disbursement and shall be payable, with such interest,
upon notice from Lender to Borrower requesting payment.
All insurance policies required by Lender and renewals of such policies shall be subject to
Lender’s right to disapprove such policies, shall include a standard mortgage clause, and shall name
Lender as mortgagee and/or as an additional loss payee. Lender shall have the right to hold the policies
and renewal certificates. If Lender requires, Borrower shall promptly give to Lender all receipts of paid
premiums and renewal notices. If Borrower obtains any form of insurance coverage, not otherwise
required by Lender, for damage to, or destruction of, the Property, such policy shall include a standard
mortgage clause and shall name Lender as mortgagee and/or as an additional loss payee.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give prompt notice to the insurance carrier and Lender.
Lender may make proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrower. Unless Lender and Borrower
otherwise agree in writing, any insurance proceeds, whether or not the underlying insurance was required
by Lender, shall be applied to restoration or repair of the Property, if the restoration or repair is
economically feasible and Lender’s security is not lessened. During such repair and restoration period,
Lender shall have the right to hold such insurance proceeds until Lender has had an opportunity to
inspect such Property to ensure the work has been completed to Lender’s satisfaction, provided that such
inspection shall be undertaken promptly. Lender may disburse proceeds for the repairs and restoration in
a single payment or in a series of progress payments as the work is completed. Unless an agreement is
made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to be paid on such insurance proceeds, Lender shall
not be required to pay Borrower any interest or eamings on such proceeds. Fees for public adjusters, or
OREQON- Single Family - Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
A (Page 4 of 11 pages)

154 201 343010-5
other third parties, retained by Borrower shall not be paid out of the insurance proceeds and shall be the
sole obligation of Borrower. If the restoration or repair is not economically feasible or Lender’s security
would be lessened, the insurance proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security
Instrument, whether or not then due, with the excess, if any, paid to Borrower. Such insurance proceeds
shall be applied in the order provided for in Section 2.
If Borrower abandons the Property, Lender may file, negotiate and settle any available insurance
claim and related matters. If Borrower does not respond within 30 days to a notice from Lender that the
insurance carrier has offered to settle a claim, then Lender may negotiate and settle the claim. The 30-day
period will begin when the notice is given. In either event, or if Lender acquires the Property under
Section 22 or otherwise, Borrower hereby assigns to Lender (a) Borrower’s rights to any insurance
proceeds in an amount not to exceed the amounts unpaid under the Note or this Security Instrument, and
(b) any other of Borrower’s rights (other than the right to any refund of unearned premiums paid by
Borrower) under all insurance policies covering the Property, insofar as such rights are applicable to the
coverage of the Property. Lender may use the insurance proceeds either to repair or restore the Property
or to pay amounts unpaid under the Note or this Security Instrument, whether or not then due.
6. Occupancy. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower’s principal
residence within 60 days after the execution of this Security Instrument and shall continue to occupy the
Property as Borrower’s principal residence for at least one year after the date of occupancy, unless
Lender otherwise agrees in writing, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, or unless
extenuating circumstances exist which are beyond Borrower’s control.
7. Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Inspections. Borrower shall
not destroy, damage or impair the Property, allow the Property to deteriorate or commit waste on the
Property. Whether or not Borrower is residing in the Property, Borrower shall maintain the Property in
order to prevent the Property from deteriorating or decreasing in value due to its condition. Unless it is
determined pursuant to Section 5 that repair or restoration is not economically feasible, Borrower shall
promptly repair the Property if damaged to avoid further deterioration or damage. If insurance or
condemnation proceeds are paid in connection with damage to, or the taking of, the Property, Borrower
shall be responsible for repairing or restoring the Property only if Lender has released proceeds for such
purposes. Lender may disburse proceeds for the repairs and restoration in a single payment or in a series
of progress payments as the work is completed. If the insurance or condemnation proceeds are not
sufficient to repair or restore the Property, Borrower is not relieved of Borrower’s obligation for the
completion of such repair or restoration.
Lender or its agent may make reasonable entries upon and inspections of the Property. If it has
reasonable cause, Lender may inspect the interior of the improvements on the Property. Lender shall
give Borrower notice at the time of or prior to such an interior inspection specifying such reasonable
cause.
8. Borrower’s Loan Application. Borrower shall be in default if, during the Loan application
process, Borrower or any persons or entities acting at the direction of Borrower or with Borrower’s
knowledge or consent gave materially false, misleading, or inaccurate information or statements to
Lender (or failed to provide Lender with material information) in connection with the Loan. Material
representations include, but are not limited to, representations concerning Borrower’s occupancy of the
Property as Borrower’s principal residence.
9. Protection of Lender’s Interest in the Property and Rights Under this Security
Instrrunent. If (a) Borrower fails to perform the covenants and agreements contained in this Security
Instrument, (b) there is a legal proceeding that might significantly affect Lender’s interest in the Property
and/or rights under this Security Instrument (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, probate, for
condemnation or forfeiture, for enforcement of a lien which may attain priority over this Security
Instrument or to enforce laws or regulations), or (c) Borrower has abandoned the Property, then Lender
may do and pay for whatever is reasonable or appropriate to protect Lender’s interest in the Property and
rights under this Security Instrument, including protecting and/or assessing the value of the Property, and
f securing and/or repairing the Property. Lender’s actions can include, but are not limited to: (a) paying
any sums secured by a lien which has priority over this Security Instrument; (b) appearing in court; and
(c) paying reasonable attomeys’ fees to protect its interest in the Property and/or rights under this
Security Instrument, including its secured position in a bankruptcy proceeding. Securing the Property
includes, but is not limited to, entering the Property to make repairs, change locks, replace or board up
doors and windows, drain water from pipes, eliminate building or other code violations or dangerous
conditions, and have utilities tumed on or off. Although Lender may take action under this Section 9,
Lender does not have to do so and is not under any duty or obligation to do so. It is agreed that Lender
l incurs no liability for not taking any or all actions authorized under this Section 9.
Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this Section 9 shall become additional debt of Borrower
secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of
disbursement and shall be payable, with such interest, upon notice from Lender to Borrower requesting
payment.
If this Security Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply with all the provisions of
the lease. If Borrower acquires fee title to the Property, the leasehold and the fee title shall not merge
unless Lender agrees to the merger in writing. /
Borrower’s Init 
OREGON- Single Family — Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
(Page 5 of 11 pages) WA *°“’

10. Mortgage Insurance. If Lender required Mortgage Insurance as a condition of making the
Loan, Borrower shall pay the premiums required to maintain the Mortgage Insurance in effect. If, for any
reason, the Mortgage Insurance coverage required by Lender ceases to be available from the mortgage
insurer that previously provided such insurance and Borrower was required to make separately designated
payments toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance, Borrower shall pay the premiums required to
obtain coverage substantially equivalent to the Mortgage Insurance previously in effect, at a cost
substantially equivalent to the cost to Borrower of the Mortgage Insurance previously in effect, from an
alternate mortgage insurer selected by Lender. lf substantially equivalent Mortgage Insurance coverage
is not available, Borrower shall continue to pay to Lender the amount of the separately designated
payments that were due when the insurance coverage ceased to be in effect. Lender will accept, use and
retain these payments as a non-refundable loss reserve in lieu of Mortgage Insurance. Such loss reserve
shall be non- refundable, notwithstanding the fact that the Loan is ultimately paid in full, and Lender
shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or earnings on such loss reserve. Lender can no longer
require loss reserve payments if Mortgage Insurance coverage (in the amount and for the period that
Lender requires) provided by an insurer selected by Lender again becomes available, is obtained,and
Lender requires separately designated payments toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance. If Lender
· required Mortgage Insurance as a condition of making the Loan and Borrower was required to make
separately designated payments toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance, Borrower shall pay the
premiums required to maintain Mortgage Insurance in effect, or to provide a non-refundable loss reserve,
until Lender’s requirement for Mortgage Insurance ends in accordance with any written agreement
between Borrower and Lender providing for such termination or until termination is required by
Applicable Law. Nothing in this Section 10 affects Borrower’s obligation to pay interest at the rate
provided in the Note.
Mortgage Insurance reimburses Lender (or any entity that purchases the Note) for certain losses
it may incur if Borrower does not repay the Loan as agreed. Borrower is not a party to the Mortgage
Insurance.
Mortgage insurers evaluate their total risk on all such insurance in force from time to time, and
may enter into agreements with other parties that share or modify their risk, or reduce losses. These
agreements are on terms and conditions that are satisfactory to the mortgage insurer and the other party
(or parties) to these agreements. These agreements may require the mortgage insurer to make payments
using any source of funds that the mortgage insurer may have available (which may include funds
obtained from Mortgage Insurance premiums).
As a result of these agreements, Lender, any purchaser of the Note, another insurer, any
reinsurer, any other entity, or any affiliate of any of the foregoing, may receive (directly or indirectly)
amounts that derive from (or might be characterized as) a portion of Borrower’s payments for Mortgage
Insurance, in exchange for sharing or modifying the mortgage insurer’s risk, or reducing losses. If such
agreement provides that an affiliate of Lender takes a share of the insurer’s risk in exchange for a share
of the premiums paid to the insurer, the arrangement is often termed "captive reinsurance." Further:
(a) Any such agreements will not affect the amounts that Borrower has agreed to pay for
Mortgage Insurance, or any other terms of the Loan. Such agreements will not increase the amount
Borrower will owe for Mortgage Insurance, and they will not entitle Borrower to any refund.
(b) Any such agreements will not affect the rights Borrower has - if any - with respect to
the Mortgage Ins1u·ance under the Homeowners Protection Act of 1998 or any other law. These
rights may include the right to receive certain disclosures, to request and obtain cancellation of the
Mortgage Insurance, to have the Mortgage Insurance terminated automatically, and/or to receive a
refund of any Mortgage Insurance premiums that were unearned at the time of such cancellation or
termination.
11. Assigmnent of Miscellaneous Proceeds; Forfeiture. All Miscellaneous Proceeds are hereby
assigned to and shall be paid to Lender.
If the Property is damaged, such Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to restoration or repair
of the Property, if the restoration or repair is economically feasible and Lender’s security is not lessened.
During such repair and restoration period, Lender shall have the right to hold such Miscellaneous
Proceeds until Lender has had an opportunity to inspect such Property to ensure the work has been
completed to Lender’s satisfaction, provided that such inspection shall be undertaken promptly. Lender
may pay for the repairs and restoration in a single disbursement or in a series of progress payments as the
work is completed. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to be
paid on such Miscellaneous Proceeds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or
earnings on such Miscellaneous Proceeds. If the restoration or repair is not economically feasible or
Lender’s security would be lessened, the Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by
this Security Instrument, whether or not then due, with the excess, if any, paid to Borrower. Such
Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied in the order provided for in Section 2.
In the event of a total taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property, the Miscellaneous
Proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due, with
the excess, if any, paid to Borrower.
In the event of a partial taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property in which the fair
market value of the Property immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value is equal
to or greater than the amount of the sums secured by this Security Instrument immediately before the
partial taking, destruction, or loss in value, unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing, the
sums secured by this Security Instrument shall be reduced by the amount of the Miscellaneous Proceeds
multiplied by the following fraction: (a) the total amount of the sums secured immediately before the
OREQON- Single Family - Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
Y (Page 6 0f11 pages)

154 201 343010-5
partial taking, destruction, or loss in value divided by (b) the fair market value of the Property
immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value. Any balance shall be paid to
Borrower.
In the event of a partial taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property in which the fair
market value of the Property immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value is less
than the amount of the sums secured immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value,
unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing, the Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to
the sums secured by this Security Instrument whether or not the sums are then due.
If the Property is abandoned by Borrower, or if, after notice by Lender to Borrower that the
Opposing Party (as defined in the next sentence) offers to make an award to settle a claim for damages,
Borrower fails to respond to Lender within 30 days after the date the notice is given, Lender is
authorized to collect and apply the Miscellaneous Proceeds either to restoration or repair of the Property
or to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due. "Opposing Party" means the
third party that owes Borrower Miscellaneous Proceeds or the party against whom Borrower has a right
of action in regard to Miscellaneous Proceeds.
Borrower shall be in default if any action or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, is begun
that, in Lender’s judgment, could result in forfeiture of the Property or other material impairment of
Lender’s interest in the Property or rights under this Security Instrument. Borrower can cure such a
default and, if acceleration has occurred, reinstate as provided in Section 19, by causing the action or
proceeding to be dismissed with a ruling that, in Lender’s judgment, precludes forfeiture of the Property
or other material impairment of Lender’s interest in the Property or rights under this Security Instrument.
The proceeds of any award or claim for damages that are attributable to the impairment of Lender’s
interest in the Property are hereby assigned and shall be paid to Lender.
All Miscellaneous Proceeds that are not applied to restoration or repair of the Property shall be
applied in the order provided for in Section 2.
12. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time for
payment or modification of amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by
Lender to Borrower or any Successor in Interest of Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of
Borrower or any Successors in Interest of Borrower. Lender shall not be required to commence
proceedings against any Successor in Interest of Borrower or to refuse to extend time for payment or
otherwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any demand
made by the original Borrower or any Successors in Interest of Borrower. Any forbearance by Lender in
exercising any right or remedy including, without limitation, Lender’s acceptance of payments from third
persons, entities or Successors in Interest of Borrower or in amounts less than the amount then due, shall
not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy.
13. Joint and Several Liability; Co-signers; Successors and Assigns Bound. Borrower
covenants and agrees that Borrower’s obligations and liability shall be joint and several. However, any
Borrower who co-signs this Security Instrument but does not execute the Note (a "co-signer"): (a) is
co—signing this Security Instrument only to mortgage, grant and convey the co—signer’s interest in the
Property under the terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not personally obligated to pay the sums
secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower can agree to
extend, modify, forbear or make any accommodations with regard to the terms of this Security
Instrument or the Note without the co—signer’s consent.
Subject to the provisions of Section 18, any Successor in Interest of Borrower who assumes
Borrower’s obligations under this Security Instrument in writing, and is approved by Lender, shall obtain
all of Borrower’s rights and benefits under this Security Instrument. Borrower shall not be released from
Borrower’s obligations and liability under this Security Instrument unless Lender agrees to such release
in writing. The covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument shall bind (except as provided in
Section 20) and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender.
14. Loan Charges. Lender may charge Borrower fees for services performed in connection with
Borrower’s default, for the purpose of protecting Lender’s interest in the Property and rights under this
Security Instrument, including, but not limited to, attomeys’ fees, property inspection and valuation fees.
In regard to any other fees, the absence of express authority in this Security Instrument to charge a
specific fee to Borrower shall not be construed as a prohibition on the charging of such fee. Lender may
not charge fees that are expressly prohibited by this Security Instrument or by Applicable Law.
If the Loan is subject to a law which sets maximum loan charges, and that law is finally
interpreted so that the interest or other loan charges collected or to be collected in connection with the
I Loan exceed the permitted limits, then: (a) any such loan charge shall be reduced by the amount
necessary to reduce the charge to the permitted limit; and (b) any sums already collected from Borrower
which exceeded permitted limits will be refunded to Borrower. Lender may choose to make this refund
by reducing the principal owed under the Note or by making a direct payment to Borrower. If a refund
reduces principal, the reduction will be treated as a partial prepayment without any prepayment charge
(whether or not a prepayment charge is provided for under the Note). Borrower’s acceptance of any such
refund made by direct payment to Borrower will constitute a waiver of any right of action Borrower
might have arising out of such overcharge.
Borrower’s Initia 
OREGON- Single Family · Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
(Page 70f 11 pages) LOS"` (OR)

15. Notices. All notices given by Borrower or Lender in connection with this Security
Instrument must be in writing. Any notice to Borrower in connection with this Security Instrument shall
be deemed to have been given to Borrower when mailed by first class mail or when actually delivered to
Borrower’s notice address if sent by other means. Notice to any one Borrower shall constitute notice to
all Borrowers unless Applicable Law expressly requires otherwise. The notice address shall be the
Property Address unless Borrower has designated a substitute notice address by notice to Lender.
Borrower shall promptly notify Lender of Borrower’s change of address. If Lender specifies a procedure
for reporting Borrower’s change of address, then Borrower shall only report a change of address through
that specified procedure. There may be only one designated notice address under this Security Instrument
at any one time. Any notice to Lender shall be given by delivering it or by mailing it by first class mail
to Lender’s address stated herein unless Lender has designated another address by notice to Borrower.
Any notice in connection with this Security Instrument shall not be deemed to have been given to Lender
until actually received by Lender. If any notice required by this Security Instrument is also required
under Applicable Law, the Applicable Law requirement will satisfy the corresponding requirement under
this Security Instrument.
16. Governing Law; Severability; Rules of Construction. This Security Instrument shall be
governed by federal law and the law of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. All rights and
obligations contained in this Security Instrument are subject to any requirements and limitations of
Applicable Law. Applicable Law might explicitly or implicitly allow the parties to agree by contract or it
might be silent, but such silence shall not be construed as a prohibition against agreement by contract. In
the event that any provision or clause of this Security Instrument or the Note conflicts with Applicable
Law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or the Note which can be
given effect without the conflicting provision.
As used in this Security Instrument: (a) words of the masculine gender shall mean and include
corresponding neuter words or words of the feminine gender; (b) words in the singular shall mean and
include the plural and vice versa; and (c) the word "may" gives sole discretion without any obligation to
take any action.
17. Borrower’s Copy. Borrower shall be given one copy of the Note and of this Security
Instrument.
18. Transfer of the Property or a Beneficial Interest in Borrower. As used in this Section 18,
"Interest in the Property" means any legal or beneficial interest in the Property, including, but not
limited to, those beneficial interests transferred in a bond for deed, contract for deed, installment sales
contract or escrow agreement, the intent of which is the transfer of title by Borrower at a future date to a
purchaser.
If all or any part of the Property or any Interest in the Property is sold or transferred (or if
Borrower is not a natural person and a beneficial interest in Borrower is sold or transferred) without
Lender’s prior written consent, Lender may require inrmediate payment in full of all sums secured by this
Security Instrument. However, this option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited
by Applicable Law.
If Lender exercises this option, Lender shall give Borrower notice of acceleration. The notice
shall provide a period of not less than 30 days from the date the notice is given in accordance with
Section 15 within which Borrower must pay all sums secured by this Security Instrument. If Borrower
fails to pay these sums prior to the expiration of this period, Lender may invoke any remedies pemritted
by this Security Instrument without further notice or demand on Borrower.
19. Borrower’s Right to Reinstate After Acceleration. If Borrower meets certain conditions,
Borrower shall have the right to have enforcement of this Security Instrument discontinued at any time
prior to the earliest of: (a) five days before sale of the Property pursuant to any power of sale contained
in this Security Instrument; (b) such other period as Applicable Law might specify for the termination of
Borrower’s right to reinstate; or (c) entry of a judgment enforcing this Security Instrument. Those
conditions are that Borrower: (a) pays Lender all sums which then would be due under this Security
Instrument and the Note as if no acceleration had occurred; (b) cures any default of any other covenants
or agreements; (c) pays all expenses incurred in enforcing this Security Instrument, including, but not
limited to reasonable attomeys’ fees, property inspection and valuation fees, and other fees incurred for
the purpose of protecting Lender’s interest in the Property and rights under this Security Instrument; and
(d) takes such action as Lender may reasonably require to assure that Lender’s interest in the Property
and rights under this Security Instrument, and Borrower’s obligation to pay the sums secured by this
Security Instrument, shall continue unchanged. Lender may require that Borrower pay such reinstatement
sums and expenses in one or more of the following fomis, as selected by Lender: (a) cash; (b) money
order; (c) certified check, bank check, treasurer’s check or cashier’s check, provided any such check is
drawn upon an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency, instrumentality or entity; or
(d) Electronic Funds Transfer. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security Instrument and obligations
secured hereby shall remain fully effective as if no acceleration had occurred. However, this right to
reinstate shall not apply in the case of acceleration under Section 18.
20. Sale of Note; Change of Loan Servicer; Notice of Grievance. The Note or a partial
interest in the Note (together with this Security Instrument) can be sold one or more times without prior
notice to Borrower. A sale might result in a change in the entity (known as the "Loan Servicer") that
collects Periodic Payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument and performs other mortgage
loan servicing obligations under the Note, this Security Instrument, and Applicable Law. There also
might be one or more changes of the Loan Servicer unrelated to a sale of the Note. If there is a change of
the Loan Servicer, Borrower will be given written notice of the change which will state the name and
address of the new Loan Servicer, the address to which payments should be made and any other
OREGON- Single Family - Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
I (Page 8 0f 11 pages)

154 201 343010-5
infomation RESPA requires in connection with a notice of transfer of servicing. If the Note is sold and
thereafter the Loan is serviced by a Loan Servicer other than the purchaser of the Note, the mortgage
loan servicing obligations to Borrower will remain with the Loan Servicer or be transferred to a successor
Loan Servicer and are not assumed by the Note purchaser unless otherwise provided by the Note
purchaser.
Neither Borrower nor Lender may commence, join, or be joined to any judicial action (as either
an individual litigant or the member of a class) that arises from the other party’s actions pursuant to this
Security Instrument or that alleges that the other party has breached any provision of, or any duty owed
by reason of, this Security Instrument, until such Borrower or Lender has notified the other party (with
such notice given in compliance with the requirements of Section 15) of such alleged breach and afforded
the other party hereto a reasonable period after the giving of such notice to take corrective action. If
Applicable Law provides a time period which must elapse before certain action can be taken, that time
period will be deemed to be reasonable for purposes of this paragraph. The notice of acceleration and
opportunity to cure given to Borrower pursuant to Section 22 and the notice of acceleration given to
Borrower pursuant to Section 18 shall be deemed to satisfy the notice and opportunity to take corrective
action provisions of this Section 20.
21. Hazardous Substances. As used in this Section 21: (a) "Hazardous Substances" are those
substances defined as toxic or hazardous substances, pollutants, or wastes by Environmental Law and the
following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or toxic petroleum products, toxic pesticides
and herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or formaldehyde, and radioactive
materials; (b)"Enviromnental Law" means federal laws and laws of the jurisdiction where the Property is
located that relate to health, safety or enviromnental protection; (c) "Environmental Cleanup" includes
any response action, remedial action, or removal action, as defined in Enviromnental Law; and (d) an
"Environmental Condition" means a condition that can cause, contribute to, or othervvise trigger an
Enviromnental Cleanup .
Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or release of any
Hazardous Substances, or threaten to release any Hazardous Substances, on or in the Property. Borrower
shall not do, nor allow anyone else to do, anything affecting the Property (a) that is in violation of any
Enviromnental Law, (b) which creates an Enviromnental Condition, or (c) which, due to the presence,
use, or release of a Hazardous Substance, creates a condition that adversely affects the value of the
Property. The preceding two sentences shall not apply to the presence, use, or storage on the Property of
small quantities of Hazardous Substances that are generally recognized to be appropriate to normal
residential uses and to maintenance of the Property (including, but not limited to, hazardous substances
in consumer products).
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of (a) any investigation, claim, demand,
lawsuit or other action by any governmental or regulatory agency or private party involving the Property
and any Hazardous Substance or Enviromnental Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge, (b) any
Enviromnental Condition, including but not limited to, any spilling, leaking, discharge, release or threat
of release of any Hazardous Substance, and (c) any condition caused by the presence, use or release of a
Hazardous Substance which adversely affects the value of the Property. If Borrower learns, or is notified
by any governmental or regulatory authority, or any private party, that any removal or other remediation
of any Hazardous Substance affecting the Property is necessary, Borrower shall promptly take all
necessary remedial actions in accordance with Enviromnental Law. Nothing herein shall create any
obligation on Lender for an Enviromnental Cleanup.
NON-UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
22. Acceleration; Remedies. Lender shall give notice to Borrower prior to acceleration
following Borrower’s breach of any covenant or agreement in this Security Instrument (but not
prior to acceleration under Section 18 unless Applicable Law provides otherwise). The notice shall
specify: (a) the default; (b) the action required to cure the default; (c) a date, not less than 30 days
from the date the notice is given to Borrower, by which the default must be cured; and (d) that
failure to cure the default on or before the date specified in the notice may result in acceleration of
the sums secured by this Security Instrument and sale of the Property. The notice shall further
inform Borrower of the right to reinstate after acceleration and the right to bring a court action to
assert the non-existence of a default or any other defense of Borrower to acceleration and sale. If
the default is not cured on or before the date specified in the notice, Lender at its option may
require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument without further
I demand and may invoke the power of sale and any other remedies permitted by Applicable Law.
_ Lender shall be entitled to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided in this
Section 22, including, but not limited to, reasonable attomeys’ fees and costs of title evidence.
If Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall execute or cause Trustee to execute a
written notice of the occurrence of an event of default and of Lender’s election to cause the Property
to be sold and shall cause such notice to be recorded in each county in which any part of the
Property is located. Lender or Trustee shall give notice of sale in the manner prescribed by
Applicable Law to Borrower and to other persons prescribed by Applicable Law. After the time
required by Applicable Law, Trustee, without demand on Borrower, shall sell the Property at
public auction to the highest bidder at the time and place and under the terms designated in the
notice of sale in one or more parcels and in any order Trustee determines. Trustee may postpone
sale of all or any parcel of the Property by public announcement at the time and place of any .
previously scheduled sale. Lender or its designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Borrower’s Initia
OREGON- Single Family - Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
(Page 9 0f11 pages) "°57A ‘°"’

Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee’s deed conveying the Property without any
covenant or warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee’s deed shall be prima facie
evidence of the truth of the statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in
the following order: (a) to all expenses of the sale, including, but not limited to, reasonable
Trustee’s and attorneys’ fees; (b) to all sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) any excess
to the person or persons legally entitled to it.
23. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall
request Trustee to reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security Instrument and all notes
evidencing debt secured by this Security Instrument to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the Property
without warranty to the person or persons legally entitled to it. Such person or persons shall pay any
recordation costs. Lender may charge such person or persons a fee for reconveying the Property, but only
if the fee is paid to a third party (such as the Trustee) for services rendered and the charging of the fee is
permitted under Applicable Law.
24. Substitute Trustee. Lender may from time to time remove Trustee and appoint a successor
trustee to any Trustee appointed hereunder. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor trustee
shall succeed to all the title, power and duties conferred upon Trustee herein and by Applicable Law.
25. Att0rneys’ Fees. As used in this Security Instrument and in the Note, attomeys’ Fees shall
include those awarded by an appellate court.
26. Protective Advances. This Security Instrument secures any advances Lender, at its
discretion, may make under Section 9 of this Security Instrument to protect Lender’s interest in the
Property and rights under this Security Instrument.
27. Required Evidence of Property Insurance.
WARNING
Unless you provide us with evidence of the insurance coverage as required by our contract or
loan agreement, we may purchase insurance at your expense to protect our interest. This insurance may,
but need not, also protect your interest. If the collateral becomes damaged, the coverage we purchase
may not pay any claim you make or any claim made against you. You may later cancel this coverage by
providing evidence that you have obtained property coverage elsewhere.
You are responsible for the cost of any insurance purchased by us. The cost of this insurance
may be added to your contract or loan balance. lf the cost is added to your contract or loan balance, the
interest rate on the underlying contract or loan will apply to this added amount. The effective date of
coverage may be the date your prior coverage lapsed or the date you failed to provide proof of coverage.
The coverage we purchase may be considerably more expensive than insurance you can obtain
on your own and may not satisfy any need for property damage coverage or any mandatory liability
insurance requirements imposed by Applicable Law.
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained in this
Security Instrument and in any Rider(s) executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
R%%NE@ G HATCHELL
  ,/_ 4 . 4.   /
I  ELE R HA '
-L- —-— [Next Page for Notary Acknowledgment] -..—- 
OREGON- Single Family - Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
` (Page 10 0f 11

` 154 201 343010-5
STATE OF   )
COUNTY O    V . —
I certifgthat I know or have satisfactory evidence that 0 . .
0... C>e>a \ ` \
[Name(s) of person(s)]
is/are the person(s) who appeared before me, and said person(s) acknowledged that (he/she/they) signed
this instrument and acknowledged it to be (his/her/the` e and voluntary act for the uses and purposes
mentioned in the instrument. fw
Dated:   .      
(Signature)
(Seal or Stamp) Notary Publ' ‘ and f   ·
  residing at 
Q)     i My commission expires \@> -   
X   NOTARY PUBLIC·OREGON
{ \,1-;/ COMMISSION NO.398939 2
A MY COMMISSION EXPIRES OCTQBER 30, 20 9 j
({~C.‘~?"`;Z —3\1>;\f°>'T2&.’$~'..X  T?· '\ .·
STATE OF )
) ss.
COUNTY OF )
I certify that I know or have satisfactory evidence that
[Name(s) of person(s)]
is/are the person(s) who appeared before me, and said person(s) acknowledged that (he/she/they) signed
this instrument, on oath stated that (he/she/they) was/were authorized to execute the instrument and
acknowledged it as the
(Type of Authority, e. g., Officer, Trustee)
of
(Name of the Party on Behalf of Whom the Instrument was Executed)
to be the free and voluntary act of such party for the uses and purposes mentioned in the instrument.
Dated:
(Seal or Stamp) (Signature)
Notary Public in and for the State of .,;.1 »
residing at
My commission expires
L
Borrower’s Iniu mimn  
llllllll
l I
OREGON- Single Family - Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT 08*43 IZ53 4020
(Page 11 0f 11 pages) LOSM (Om

154 201 343010-5
ADDENDUM TO UNIFORM DEED OF TRUST
Date: May 22nd, 2008
Addendum attached to and forming part of the Deed of Trust ("Security Instrument") of even date by and
between
RODNEY G HATCHELL AND lVIICHELE R HATCHELL, AS HUSBAND AND WIFE
as Grantor/Borrower; CHICAGO TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY OF OREGON
as Trustee; and WASHINGTON FEDERAL SAVINGS as Beneficiary/Lender.
1. OCCUPANCY OF THE PROPERTY BY BORROWER.
There are two alternative covenants stated below which refer to occupancy of the Property by the
Borrower, and only one alternative shall be a part of this Addendum. Lender has determined which
altemative is a covenant of the Borrower by checking below the appropriate box opposite the paragraph
immediately preceding the paragraph Lender has determined to be applicable to Borrower, and Borrower
has agreed to this chosen alternative by executing this Addendum to the Security Instrument and pursuant
to the terms of Lender’s loan commitment.
E;] Occupancy of Property by Borrower Required. Uniform Covenant 6 of the Security Instrument
is amended by substituting the following language:
"Borrower shall occupy, establish and use the Property as Borrower’s principal residence within
sixty (60) days after the execution of this Security Instrument and shall continue to occupy the
Property as Borrower’s principal residence for at least one year after the date of occupancy, unless
lender otherwise agrees in writing and in its sole discretion; provided, however, that if the loan
evidenced by the Security Instrument is a ‘custom’ construction loan as defined by a Construction
Loan Agreement between Lender and Borrower, then Borrower shall begin to occupy, establish and
use the Property as Borrower’s principal residence within sixty (60) days after receipt of Certificate
of Occupancy, or similar official document, from the applicable governmental authority, unless
Lender in its discretion agrees in writing to waive any govermnental requirement. Borrower
acknowledges that Uniform Covenant 6, as here amended, is required by Lender in consideration of
Lender extending Borrower an ‘Occupancy Note Rate’ which is less than the prevailing
‘Non-Occupancy Note Rate’. If Borrower shall default on the terms of occupancy as
stated above, Lender may elect, at its option and notwithstanding any other temis of the Security
Instrument to the contrary, any of the following remedies: (a) Lender may accelerate the terms of
the Note and, upon fifteen (15) days notice, call the loan immediately due and payable in full, and if
Borrower fails to make payment in full, Lender may thereafter exercise any remedy permitted by the
  Security Instrument, including suit on the Note or foreclosure upon the Security Interest and the
, Property; or (b) Lender may adjust the interest rate on the Note (and any monthly payment
occasioned by such adjustment) to Lender’s ‘Non—Occupancy Note Rate’ which existed as of the
date of the Note and Security Instrument and require further consideration for not calling the loan
immediately due and payable, including but not limited to (i) having Borrower convey to Lender a
Fannie Mae Multistate 1-4 Family Rider (Assignment of Rents) and (ii) having Borrower pay any
amount of principal on the loan necessary (if at all) to make the loan conform to whatever
loan—to-value ratio conditions Lender would have required of a ‘Non-Owner-Occupied Loan’ on the
Property as of the date of the Note and Security Instrument."
I:] Occupancy of Property By Borrower Waived. Uniform Covenant 6 of the Security Instrument
is deleted.
2. ADDITIONAL SPECIAL COVENANTS.
A- Additional Advance(s)
This Security Instrument also secures the payment of any further sums advanced or loaned by
Lender to Borrower, or any of its successors or assigns, if (l) the Note or other writing evidencing
I the future advance or loan specifically states that it is secured by this Security Instrument, or (2) the
advance, including costs and expenses incurred by Lender, is made pursuant to this Security
Instrument or any other documents executed by Borrower evidencing, securing, or relating to the
Note and/or the Collateral, whether executed prior to, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to
this Security Instrument (this Security Instrument, the Note and such other documents, including
any construction loan, land loan or other loan agreement, are hereinafter collectively ti ferred t  as
the "Loan Documents"), together with interest thereon at the rate set forth in th  ote  nless
{ otherwise specified in the Loan Documents or agreed to in writing. , _
l Borrower’s Initials 
1 t"ae’0f3l infill. 
1.041   06/30/03

B. Lender’s Right of Acceleration and Judicial Foreclosure.
Uniform Covenant 19 and Non-Uniform Covenant 22 of the Security Instrument are amended by
the addition of the following language, which shall modify the terms of Uniform Covenant 19 and
Non-Uniforrn Covenant 22 to the extent set forth immediately below:
"Borrower acknowledges that the terms and conditions of Uniform Covenant 19 and Non—Uniform
Covenant 22 are intended to avail Borrower of certain notice and reinstatement rights if Lender
elects non—judicial foreclosure under its power of sale in the event of default, and that Borrower has
a statutory right of redemption protecting Borrower in the event of judicial foreclosure. Therefore,
notwithstanding any provision of Uniform Covenant 19 and Non—Uniform Covenant 22 of this
Security Instrument, if Lender, at its own option, elects to accelerate the Security Instrument by
commencement of judicial foreclosure for any default or breach by Borrower, the Borrower shall
not have the right of reinstatement or entitlement to certain notices as provided for in Uniform
Covenant 19 and Non-Uniform Covenant 22. "
C. Reconveyance After Payment of Loan in Full. Non-Uniforrn Covenant 23 of the Security
Instrument is revised to read as follows:
"23. Release or Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument,
Lender shall request Trustee to release or reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security
Instrument and all notes evidencing debt secured by this Security Instrument to Trustee. Trustee
shall release or reconvey the Property without warranty to the person or persons legally entitled to
it. Such person or persons shall pay any recordation costs and reasonable t1ustee’s fee for release or
reconveyance. "
D. Mandatory Flood Insurance for Property in Special Flood Hazard Areas. Uniform Covenants
3 and 5 are modified so as to add the following language which affects both covenants:
"If the Property is now or shall ever during this loan be determined by the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), or its successor agency, to be within a Special Flood Hazard Area
(SFHA), then to the extent flood insurance is available for the Property, Lender will require, upon
notice to Borrower of such detemiination, that adequate flood insurance be maintained for the
improvements of the Property at Borrower’s expense, and Lender shall be entitled to collect, as part
of the Funds defined under Covenant 3, and to the extent authorized by federal law and regulation,
"Escrow Items" (reserves) for flood insurance premiums; and if Borrower does not voluntarily pay
for the flood insurance as part of said Funds, Lender shall be entitled to obtain "forced place" flood
insurance coverage for the Property improvements and, in so doing, either capitalize the cost of
such coverage to the principal balance of the loan or apply the payment as a "negative reserve",
whereupon Borrower shall be deemed to be in default of this Security Instrument.
E. "Custom" Construction Loans. If this Security Instrument secures permanent financing to
construct or remodel a residential dwelling on the Property ("’custom’ construction loan"), then the
Construction Loan Agreement & Assignment of Account signed by Borrower along with this
Security Instrument and Addendum shall be incorporated by reference in and be a part of this
Security Instrument, and any default or breach by Borrower of the Construction Loan Agreement &
A Assigmnent of Account shall constitute a default or breach of this Security Instrument, thereby
entitling Lender to any and all remedies allowed by the Security Instrument and applicable law for
such default or breach.
F. E-Z Pay Option. lf Borrower elects the E-Z Pay option at the inception of this loan, then Lender
shall temporarily defer the two hundred dollar ($200) payment processing charge which is otherwise
due and payable in full at closing. However, if at any time, Borrower’s E-Z Pay bank account has
insufficient funds to cover a payment when due, or if Borrower’s E-Z Pay bank account is closed or
otherwise becomes unavailable to Lender for the payment of the loan, or in the event Borrower
elects, at any time, to terminate the E-Z Pay option, then Lender may reinstate and demand the two
hundred dollar ($200) payment processing charge from Borrower in which event this charge shall
then be due and payable in full. Lender shall inform Borrower of this election in writing and
Lender may, at Lender’s option, either require Borrower to pay the payment processing charge
within 10 days of receipt of written notice or add the amount of the charge to the remaining
principal balance of the loan. If the charge is added to the loan, then it shall become additional debt
of Borrower secured by this Security Instrument and shall bear interest at the Note rate and shall be
. payable in accordance with the terms of the Note.
(Page 2 0f3) LO4l (OR)

G. Hazard, Property, or Flood Insurance. Without affecting the language contained in Covenants 3,
5, and 7 of the Security Instrument and paragraph D above, Borrower is advised as follows:
WARNING
Unless Borrower provides Lender with evidence of the insurance coverage as required by the deed
of trust or loan agreement, Lender may purchase insurance at Borrower’s expense to protect
Lender’s interest. This insurance may, but need not, also protect borrower’s interest. If the
collateral becomes damaged, the coverage Lender purchases may not pay any claim Borrower
makes or any claim made against Borrower. Borrower may later cancel this coverage by providing
evidence that it has obtained property coverage elsewhere.
Borrower is responsible for the cost of any insurance purchased by Lender. The cost of this
insurance may be added to the loan balance. lf the cost is added to the loan balance, the interest
rate on the underlying loan will apply to this added amount. The effective date of coverage may be
the date the prior coverage lapses or the date Borrower fails to provide proof of coverage.
The coverage Lender purchases may be considerably more expensive than insurance Borrower can
obtain on its own and may not satisfy any need for property damage coverage or any mandatory
liability insurance requirements imposed by applicable law.
H, Late Charges and Other Fees. Lender may, at Lender’s option, either require Borrower to pay
any late charge for overdue payments or NSF/retumed item fees related to any payments under the
Note, or add the amount of any such charges or fees to the remaining principal balance of the loan.
If these charges and/or fees are added to the loan, then they shall become additional debt of
Borrower secured by this Security Instrument and shall bear interest at the Note rate and shall be
payable in accordance with the temrs of the Note.
[_ Assignment of the Loan. lf Lender transfers its interest in or a right to receive loan payments
under the Note secured by the Security Instrument, this Addendum, or any part of it, may be
cancelled at the option of Lender and without advance notice to Borrower, and Lender may make
and record any instrument, without signature of Borrower, which may be necessary to give record
notice of such cancellation.
/ ' ud
RODNEY H C ELL
/ 
CHE R HATCHE
(Pggg 3   08143 1253 4020    

