 
l "" I  
O YY) \ oil lb O\ E 6 I   DESCHUTES COUNTY OFFICIRL RECORDS    
x NRNCY BLRNKENSHIP , COUNTY CLERK '
  ~ ~»»g E »   ¢S·¢ 1         ~ I|III|ll ll lllll llll I|IIIIlIllII|IIlIlIIl Il lll I Ill ml ·°°
sent to the following address. I {
U. S . BANCORP SERVICE PROVIDERS LLC 00.1734220osO  24129023 237   12.   .    
4 8 O 1 FREDERICA STREET   cntll stn=1  
°"E“SB°R°’ KY "”°1 s11s.00 $11.00 $10 . 00 ss.00
WHEN RECORDED MAIL TO
U. S . BANK N. A.
1550 AMERICAN BLVD EAST
BLOOMINGTON MN 5 5 4 2 5
LOAN:# 7884012366
TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER
R2—006-171424-00-00201
True and Actual Consideration is:
$ 1 6 8 ’ 5 0 0 · 0 0 -—-— [Space Above This Line For Recording Data] —-
nj Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. (MERS) is the Grantee of this Security Instrument
FV MIN 100021278840123660
DEFINITIONS
Words used in multiple sections of this document are defined below and other words are defined in Sections
3, ll, 13, 18, 20 and 21. Certain rules regarding the usage of words used in this document are also provided
in Section 16.
(A) "Security Instrument" means this document, which is dated JUNE 4 , 2008 ,
together with all Riders to this document.
(B) "Borrower" is
JENNIFER C EPPING , SINGLE AND SHAWN CHESLEY , SINGLE
Borrower is the trustor under this Security Instrument.
(C) "Lender" is U.S. BANK, N . A.
Lender is a NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
organized and existing under the laws of THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA .
Lender's address is 4 8 0 1 FREDERICA STREET, OWENSBORO, KY 4 2 3 0 1
(D) "Trustee" is FIDELITY NATIONAL TITLE INSURANCE,
17911 VON KARMAN #300, IRVINE, CA 92612 .
OREGON - Single Family - Fannie MaeIFreddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT WITH MERS Form 3038 1/01
Q-6A(OR) (0510) C 5:/ -
Page 1 of 15 Initials:
VMP Mortgage Solutions, Inc.
fc;
After recording, rotum to
Amenlitla
15 OREGON AVENUE. BEND

 
i
(E) "MERS" is Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. MERS is a separate corporation that is acting
solely as a nominee for Lender and Lender’s successors and assigns. MERS is the beneficiary under this
Security Instrument. MERS is organized and existing under the laws of Delaware, and has an address and
telephone number of P.O. Box 2026, Flint, MI 4850l—2026, tel. (888) 679—MERS.
(F) "Note" means the promissory note signed by Borrower and dated JUNE 4 , 2008 .
The Note states that Borrower owes Lender ONE HUNDRED SIXTY EIGHT THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED
AND NO/1 0 0 Dollars
(U.S. S 1 6 8 , 5 0 0 . 0 0 ) plus interest. Borrower has promised to pay this debt in regular Periodic
Payments and to pay the debt in full not later than JULY 1 , 20 3 8 .
(G) "Property" means the property that is described below under the heading "Transfer of Rights in the
Property."
(H) "Loan" means the debt evidenced by the Note, plus interest, any prepayment charges and late charges
due under the Note, and all sums due under this Security Instrument, plus interest.
(I) "Riders" means all Riders to this Security Instrument that are executed by Borrower. The following
Riders are to be executed by Borrower [check box as applicable];
I:] Adjustable Rate Rider E] Condominium Rider [E Second Home Rider
III Balloon Rider I:] Planned Unit Development Rider 1-4 Family Rider
lj VA Rider I:] Biweekly Payment Rider Other(s) [speci ] · T; .
rh t/( A%»{V rg ii?//{vv./(Ave Cave
(J) "Applicable Law" means all controlling applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations,
ordinances and administrative rules and orders (that have the effect of law) as well as all applicable final,
non·appealable judicial opinions.
(K) "Community Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments" means all dues, fees, assessments and other
charges that are imposed on Borrower or the Property by a condominium association, homeowners
` association or similar organization.
(L) "Electronic Funds Transfer" means any transfer of funds, other than a transaction originated by check,
draft, or similar paper instrument, which is initiated through an electronic terminal, telephonic instrument,
computer, or magnetic tape so as to order, instruct, or authorize a financial institution to debit or credit an
account. Such term includes, but is not limited to, point—of—sale transfers, automated teller machine
transactions, transfers initiated by telephone, wire transfers, and automated clearinghouse transfers.
(M) "Escrow Items" means those items that are described in Section 3.
(N) "Miscellaneous Proceeds" means any compensation, settlement, award of damages, or proceeds paid by
any third party (other than insurance proceeds paid under the coverages described in Section 5) for: (i)
damage to, or destruction of, the Property; (ii) condemnation or other taking of all or any part of the Property;
(iii) conveyance in lieu of condemnation; or (iv) misrepresentations of, or omissions as to, the value and/or
condition of the Property.
(O) "Mortgage Insurance" means insurance protecting Lender against the nonpayment of, or default on, the
Loan.
(P) "Periodic Payment" means the regularly scheduled amount due for (i) principal and interest under the
Note, plus (ii) any amounts under Section 3 of this Security Instrument.
Initials:  
@-6A(OR) (0510) Pagezovis _ Form 3038 1l01

 
(Q) "RESPA" means the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (12 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq.) and its
implementing regulation, Regulation X (24 C.F.R. Part 3500), as they might be amended from time to time,
or any additional or successor legislation or regulation that governs the same subject matter. As used in this
Security Instrument, "RESPA" refers to all requirements and restrictions that are imposed in regard to a
"federally related mortgage loan" even if the Loan does not qualify as a "federally related mortgage loan"
under RESPA.
(R) "Successor in Interest of Borrower" means any party that has taken title to the Property, whether or not
that party has assumed Borrower's obligations under the Note and/or this Security Instrument.
TRANSFER OF RIGHTS IN THE PROPERTY
The beneficiary of this Security Instrument is MERS (solely as nominee for Lender and Lender's
successors and assigns) and the successors and assigns of MERS. This Security Instrument secures
to Lender: (i) the repayment of the Loan, and all renewals, extensions and modifications
of the Note; and (ii) the performance of Borrower's covenants and agreements under this
Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to
Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the following described property located in the
PUBLIC RECORDS of DESCHUTES COUNTY :
[Type of Recording Jurisdiction] [Name of Recording Jurisdiction]
SEE LEGAL DESCRIPTION ATTACHED HERETO AND MADE A PART THEREOF.
THIS DEED OF TRUST/MORTGAGE SECURES A MANFACTURED HOME
DESCRIBED AS:
GOLDEN WEST
DREAM HOME
OK6 0 0 0 1S
1998
HUD LABEL #ORE371025/371026
MANFACTURER · S SERIAL/VIN #GWOR23N21476 OK 60001FF
which currently has the address of
26570 HORSELL RD [Street]
BEND [City] , OI`CgOI1 977 O1 [Zip Code]
("Property Address"):
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements,
appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and additions shall also
be covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the
"Property." Borrower understands and agrees that MERS holds only legal title to the interests granted by
Borrower in this Security Instrument, but, if necessary to comply with law or custom, MERS (as nominee for
Lender and Lender's successors and assigns) has the right: to exercise any or all of those interests, including,
but not limited to, the right to foreclose and sell the Property; and to take any action required of Lender
including, but not limited to, releasing and canceling this Security Instrument.
tnmsts;  
@-6A(OR) (0510) Pageams Form 3038 1/01
®     {C

 
i
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawiirlly seised of the estate hereby conveyed and has
the right to grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of
record. Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands,
subject to any encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non-uniform
covenants with limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real
property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal, Interest, Escrow Items, Prepayment Charges, and Late Charges.
Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and interest on, the debt evidenced by the Note and any
prepayment charges and late charges due under the Note. Borrower shall also pay funds for Escrow Items
pursuant to Section 3. Payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument shall be made in U.S.
currency. However, if any check or other instrument received by Lender as payment under the Note or this
Security Instrument is returned to Lender unpaid, Lender may require that any or all subsequent payments
due under the Note and this Security Instrument be made in one or more of the following forms, as selected
by Lender: (a) cash; (b) money order; (c) certified check, bank check, treasurer’s check or cashier's check,
provided any such check is drawn upon an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency,
instrumentality, or entity; or (d) Electronic Funds Transfer.
Payments are deemed received by Lender when received at the location designated in the Note or at
such other location as may be designated by Lender in accordance with the notice provisions in Section 15.
Lender may return any payment or partial payment if the payment or partial payments are insufficient to bring
the Loan current. Lender may accept any payment or partial payment insufficient to bring the Loan current,
without waiver of any rights hereunder or prejudice to its rights to refuse such payment or partial payments in
the future, but Lender is not obligated to apply such payments at the time such payments are accepted. If each
Periodic Payment is applied as of its scheduled due date, then Lender need not pay interest on unapplied
iiinds. Lender may hold such unapplied funds until Borrower makes payment to bring the Loan current. If
Borrower does not do so within a reasonable period of time, Lender shall either apply such funds or return
them to Borrower. If not applied earlier, such funds will be applied to the outstanding principal balance under
the Note immediately prior to foreclosure. No offset or claim which Borrower might have now or in the
future against Lender shall relieve Borrower from making payments due under the Note and this Security
Instrument or performing the covenants and agreements secured by this Security Instrument.
2. Application of Payments or Proceeds. Except as otherwise described in this Section 2, all payments
accepted and applied by Lender shall be applied in the following order of priority: (a) interest due under the
Note; (b) principal due under the Note; (c) amounts due under Section 3, Such payments shall be applied to
each Periodic Payment in the order in which it became due. Any remaining amounts shall be applied first to
late charges, second to any other amounts due under this Security Instrument, and then to reduce the principal
balance of the Note.
If Lender receives a payment from Borrower for a delinquent Periodic Payment which includes a
sufficient amount to pay any late charge due, the payment may be applied to the delinquent payment and the
late charge. If more than one Periodic Payment is outstanding, Lender may apply any payment received from
Borrower to the repayment of the Periodic Payments if, and to the extent that, each payment can be paid in
full. To the extent that any excess exists after the payment is applied to the full payment of one or more
Periodic Payments, such excess may be applied to any late charges due. Voluntary prepayments shall be
applied Hrst to any prepayment charges and then as described in the Note.
Any application of payments, insurance proceeds, or Miscellaneous Proceeds to principal due under the
Note shall not extend or postpone the due date, or change the amount, of the Periodic Payments.
3. Funds for Escrow Items. Borrower shall pay to Lender on the day Periodic Payments are due under
the Note, until the Note is paid in full, a sum (the "Funds") to provide for payment of amounts due for: (a)
taxes and assessments and other items which can attain priority over this Security Instrument as a lien or
encumbrance on the Property; (b) leasehold payments or ground rents on the Property, if any; (c) premiums
for any and all insurance required by Lender under Section 5; and (d) Mortgage Insurance premiums, if any,
or any sums payable by Borrower to Lender in lieu of the payment of Mortgage Insurance premiums in
accordance with the provisions of Section 10. These items are called "Escrow Items." At origination or at any
time during the term of the Loan, Lender may require that Community Association Dues, Fees, and
Initials:  
Q-6A(OR) (0510) Page4¤f15 gc Form 3038 1/01

 
Assessments, if any, be escrowed by Borrower, and such dues, fees and assessments shall be an Escrow Item.
Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender all notices of amounts to be paid under this Section. Borrower
shall pay Lender the Funds for Escrow Items unless Lender waives Borrower's obligation to pay the Funds
for any or all Escrow Items. Lender may waive Borrower's obligation to pay to Lender Funds for any or all
Escrow Items at any time. Any such waiver may only be in writing. In the event of such waiver, Borrower
shall pay directly, when and where payable, the amounts due for any Escrow Items for which payment of
Funds has been waived by Lender and, if Lender requires, shall furnish to Lender receipts evidencing such
payment within such time period as Lender may require. Borrower's obligation to make such payments and
to provide receipts shall for all purposes be deemed to be a covenant and agreement contained in this Security
Instrument, as the phrase "covenant and agreement" is used in Section 9. If Borrower is obligated to pay
Escrow Items directly, pursuant to a waiver, and Borrower fails to pay the amount due for an Escrow Item,
Lender may exercise its rights under Section 9 and pay such amount and Borrower shall then be obligated
under Section 9 to repay to Lender any such amount. Lender may revoke the waiver as to any or all Escrow
Items at any time by a notice given in accordance with Section 15 and, upon such revocation, Borrower shall
pay to Lender all Funds, and in such amounts, that are then required under this Section 3.
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold Funds in an amount (a) sufficient to pennit Lender to apply
the Funds at the time specified under RESPA, and (b) not to exceed the maximum amount a lender can
require under RESPA. Lender shall estimate the amount of Funds due on the basis of current data and
reasonable estimates of expenditures of future Escrow Items or otherwise in accordance with Applicable Law.
The Funds shall be held in an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency, instrumentality,
or entity (including Lender, if Lender is an institution whose deposits are so insured) or in any Federal Home
Loan Bank. Lender shall apply the Funds to pay the Escrow Items no later than the time specified under
RESPA. Lender shall not charge Borrower for holding and applying the Funds, annually analyzing the
escrow account, or verifying the Escrow Items, unless Lender pays Borrower interest on the Funds and
Applicable Law permits Lender to make such a charge. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable
Law requires interest to be paid on the Funds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or
earnings on the Funds. Borrower and Lender can agree in writing, however, that interest shall be paid on the
Funds. Lender shall give to Borrower, without charge, an annual accounting of the Funds as required by
RESPA.
If there is a surplus of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall account to
Borrower for the excess funds in accordance with RESPA. If there is a shortage of Funds held in escrow, as
defined under RESPA, Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower shall pay to
Lender the amount necessary to make up the shortage in accordance with RESPA, but in no more than 12
monthly payments. If there is a deficiency of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall
notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower shall pay to Lender the amount necessary to make up
the deficiency in accordance with RESPA, but in no more than 12 monthly payments.
Upon payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall promptly refund to
Borrower any Funds held by Lender.
4. Charges; Liens. Borrower shall pay all taxes, assessments, charges, fines, and impositions
attributable to the Property which can attain priority over this Security Instrument, leasehold payments or
ground rents on the Property, if any, and Community Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments, if any. To the
extent that these items are Escrow Items, Borrower shall pay them in the manner provided in Section 3.
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument unless
Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a mamier acceptable to
Lender, but only so long as Borrower is performing such agreement; (b) contests the lien in good faith by, or
defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings which in Lender's opinion operate to prevent the
enforcement of the lien while those proceedings are pending, but only until such proceedings are concluded;
or (c) secures from the holder of the lien an agreement satisfactory to Lender subordinating the lien to this
Security Instrument. If Lender determines that any part of the Property is subject to a lien which can attain
priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying the lien. Within 10
Initials:
@-6A(OR) (0510) Page5¤f15 Form 3038 1/01
® 5 fu

 
A I
days of the date on which that notice is given, Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take one or more of the
actions set forth above in this Section 4.
Lender may require Borrower to pay a one-time charge for a real estate tax verification and/or reporting
service used by Lender in connection with this Loan.
5. Property Insurance. Borrower shall keep the improvements now existing or hereafter erected on the
Property insured against loss by fire, hazards included within the term "extended coverage," and any other
hazards including, but not limited to, earthquakes and floods, for which Lender requires insurance. This
insurance shall be maintained in the amounts (including deductible levels) and for the periods that Lender
requires. What Lender requires pursuant to the preceding sentences can change during the term of the Loan.
The insurance carrier providing the insurance shall be chosen by Borrower subject to Lender’s right to
disapprove Borrower's choice, which right shall not be exercised unreasonably. Lender may require
Borrower to pay, in connection with this Loan, either: (a) a one-time charge for flood zone determination,
certification and tracking services; or (b) a one-time charge for flood zone determination and certification
services and subsequent charges each time remappings or similar changes occur which reasonably might
affect such determination or certihcation. Borrower shall also be responsible for the payment of any fees  
imposed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency in connection with the review of any flood zone
determination resulting from an objection by Borrower.
If Borrower fails to maintain any of the coverages described above, Lender may obtain insurance
coverage, at Lender’s option and Borrower's expense. Lender is under no obligation to purchase any
particular type or amount of coverage. Therefore, such coverage shall cover Lender, but might or might not
protect Borrower, Borrower's equity in the Property, or the contents of the Property, against any risk, hazard
or liability and might provide greater or lesser coverage than was previously in effect. Borrower
acknowledges that the cost of the insurance coverage so obtained might signihcantly exceed the cost of
insurance that Borrower could have obtained. Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this Section 5 shall
become additional debt of Borrower secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest at
the Note rate from the date of disbursement and shall be payable, with such interest, upon notice from Lender
to Borrower requesting payment.
All insurance policies required by Lender and renewals of such policies shall be subject to Lender’s
right to disapprove such policies, shall include a standard mortgage clause, and shall name Lender as
mortgagee and/or as an additional loss payee. Lender shall have the right to hold the policies and renewal
certificates. If Lender requires, Borrower shall promptly give to Lender all receipts of paid premiums and
renewal notices. If Borrower obtains any form of insurance coverage, not otherwise required by Lender, for ‘
damage to, or destruction of, the Property, such policy shall include a standard mortgage clause and shall
name Lender as mortgagee and/or as an additional loss payee.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give prompt notice to the insurance carrier and Lender. Lender may
make proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrower. Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in
writing, any insurance proceeds, whether or not the underlying insurance was required by Lender, shall be
applied to restoration or repair of the Property, if the restoration or repair is economically feasible and
Lender’s security is not lessened. During such repair and restoration period, Lender shall have the right to
hold such insurance proceeds until Lender has had an opportunity to inspect such Property to ensure the work
has been completed to Lender’s satisfaction, provided that such inspection shall be undertaken promptly.
Lender may disburse proceeds for the repairs and restoration in a single payment or in a series of progress
payments as the work is completed. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires
interest to be paid on such insurance proceeds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or
. earnings on such proceeds. Fees for public adjusters, or other third parties, retained by Borrower shall not be
i paid out of the insurance proceeds and shall be the sole obligation of Borrower. If the restoration or repair is
not economically feasible or Lender’s security would be lessened, the insurance proceeds shall be applied to
the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due, with the excess, if any, paid to
Initials:
-6A OR 0510 Pa gems Form 3038 1/01
@9 < > t > g 3 fc
i

 
- s
Borrower. Such insurance proceeds shall be applied in the order provided for in Section 2.
If Borrower abandons the Property, Lender may file, negotiate and settle any available insurance claim
and related matters. If Borrower does not respond within 30 days to a notice from Lender that the insurance
carrier has offered to settle a claim, then Lender may negotiate and settle the claim. The 30-day period will
begin when the notice is given. In either event, or if Lender acquires the Property under Section 22 or
otherwise, Borrower hereby assigns to Lender (a) Borrower's rights to any insurance proceeds in an amount
not to exceed the amounts unpaid under the Note or this Security Instrument, and (b) any other of Borrower's
rights (other than the right to any refund of unearned premiums paid by Borrower) under all insurance
policies covering the Property, insofar as such rights are applicable to the coverage of the Property. Lender
may use the insurance proceeds either to repair or restore the Property or to pay amounts unpaid under the
Note or this Security Instrument, whether or not then due.
6. Occupancy. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower's principal residence
within 60 days after the execution of this Security Instrument and shall continue to occupy the Property as
Borrower's principal residence for at least one year after the date of occupancy, unless Lender otherwise
agrees in writing, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, or unless extenuating circumstances
exist which are beyond Borrower's control.
7. Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Inspections. Borrower shall not
destroy, damage or impair the Property, allow the Property to deteriorate or commit waste on the Property.
Whether or not Borrower is residing in the Property, Borrower shall maintain the Property in order to prevent
the Property from deteriorating or decreasing in value due to its condition. Unless it is determined pursuant to
Section 5 that repair or restoration is not economically feasible, Borrower shall promptly repair the Property if
damaged to avoid further deterioration or damage. If insurance or condemnation proceeds are paid in
connection with damage to, or the taking of, the Property, Borrower shall be responsible for repairing or
restoring the Property only if Lender has released proceeds for such purposes. Lender may disburse proceeds
for the repairs and restoration in a single payment or in a series of progress payments as the work is
completed. If the insurance or condemnation proceeds are not sufficient to repair or restore the Property,
Borrower is not relieved of Borrower's obligation for the completion of such repair or restoration.
Lender or its agent may make reasonable entries upon and inspections of the Property. If it has
reasonable cause, Lender may inspect the interior of the improvements on the Property. Lender shall give
Borrower notice at the time of or prior to such an interior inspection specifying such reasonable cause.
8. Borrower's Loan Application. Borrower shall be in default if, during the Loan application process,
Borrower or any persons or entities acting at the direction of Borrower or with Borrower's knowledge or
consent gave materially false, misleading, or inaccurate information or statements to Lender (or failed to
provide Lender with material information) in connection with the Loan. Material representations include, but
are not limited to, representations concerning Borrower's occupancy of the Property as Borrower's principal
residence.
9. Protection of Lender's Interest in the Property and Rights Under this Security Instrument. If
(a) Borrower fails to perform the covenants and agreements contained in this Security Instrument, (b) there is
a legal proceeding that might significantly affect Lender's interest in the Property and/or rights under this
Security Instrument (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, probate, for condemnation or forfeiture, for
enforcement of a lien which may attain priority over this Security Instrument or to enforce laws or
regulations), or (c) Borrower has abandoned the Property, then Lender may do and pay for whatever is
reasonable or appropriate to protect Lender's interest in the Property and rights under this Security
Instrument, including protecting and/or assessing the value of the Property, and securing and/or repairing
the Property. Lender's actions can include, but are not limited to: (a) paying any sums secured by a lien which
has priority over this Security Instrument; (b) appearing in court; and (c) paying reasonable
Initials: C
@-6A(OR) (0510) Pagevens   ( Form 3038 1I01
® / C,

i 9
attorneys' fees to protect its interest in the Property and/or rights under this Security Instrument, including its
secured position in a bankruptcy proceeding. Securing the Property includes, but is not limited to, entering the
Property to make repairs, change locks, replace or board up doors and windows, drain water from pipes,
eliminate building or other code violations or dangerous conditions, and have utilities turned on or off.
Although Lender may take action under this Section 9, Lender does not have to do so and is not under any
duty or obligation to do so. It is agreed that Lender incurs no liability for not taking any or all actions
authorized under this Section 9. ,
Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this Section 9 shall become additional debt of Borrower
secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of
disbursement and shall be payable, with such interest, upon notice from Lender to Borrower requesting
payment.
If this Security Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply with all the provisions of the lease.
If Borrower acquires fee title to the Property, the leasehold and the fee title shall not merge unless Lender
agrees to the merger in writing.
10. Mortgage Insurance. If Lender required Mortgage Insurance as a condition of making the Loan,
Borrower shall pay the premiums required to maintain the Mortgage Insurance in effect. If, for any reason,
the Mortgage Insurance coverage required by Lender ceases to be available from the mortgage insurer that
previously provided such insurance and Borrower was required to make separately designated payments
toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance, Borrower shall pay the premiums required to obtain coverage
substantially equivalent to the Mortgage Insurance previously in effect, at a cost substantially equivalent to
the cost to Borrower of the Mortgage Insurance previously in effect, from an alternate mortgage insurer
selected by Lender. If substantially equivalent Mortgage Insurance coverage is not available, Borrower shall
continue to pay to Lender the amount of the separately designated payments that were due when the insurance
coverage ceased to be in effect. Lender will accept, use and retain these payments as a non·refundable loss
reserve in lieu of Mortgage Insurance. Such loss reserve shall be non·reii1ndable, notwithstanding the fact that
the Loan is ultimately paid in full, and Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or earnings
on such loss reserve. Lender can no longer require loss reserve payments if Mortgage Insurance coverage (in
the amount and for the period that Lender requires) provided by an insurer selected by Lender again becomes
available, is obtained, and Lender requires separately designated payments toward the premiums for Mortgage
Insurance. If Lender required Mortgage Insurance as a condition of making the Loan and Borrower was
required to make separately designated payments toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance, Borrower
shall pay the premiums required to maintain Mortgage Insurance in effect, or to provide a non—refundable loss
reserve, until Lender's requirement for Mortgage Insurance ends in accordance with any written agreement
between Borrower and Lender providing for such termination or until termination is required by Applicable
Law. Nothing in this Section 10 affects Borrower’s obligation to pay interest at the rate provided in the Note.
Mortgage Insurance reimburses Lender (or any entity that purchases the Note) for certain losses it may
incur if Borrower does not repay the Loan as agreed. Borrower is not a party to the Mortgage Insurance.
Mortgage insurers evaluate their total risk on all such insurance in force from time to time, and may
enter into agreements with other parties that share or modify their risk, or reduce losses. These agreements are
on terms and conditions that are satisfactory to the mortgage insurer and the other party (or parties) to these
agreements. These agreements may require the mortgage insurer to make payments using any source of funds
that the mortgage insurer may have available (which may include funds obtained from Mortgage Insurance
premiums).
As a result of these agreements, Lender, any purchaser of the Note, another insurer, any reinsurer, any
other entity, or any affiliate of any of the foregoing, may receive (directly or indirectly) amounts that derive
from (or might be characterized as) a portion of Borrower's payments for Mortgage Insurance, in exchange
for sharing or modifying the mortgage insurer's risk, or reducing losses. If such agreement provides that an
affiliate of Lender takes a share of the insurer's risk in exchange for a share of the premiums paid to the
insurer, the arrangement is often termed "captive reinsurance." Further:
(a) Any such agreements will not affect the amounts that Borrower has agreed to pay for
Mortgage Insurance, or any other terms of the Loan. Such agreements will not increase the amount
Borrower will owe for Mortgage Insurance, and they will not entitle Borrower to any refund.
Initials: _ ,
@-6A(OR) (0510) Pageaens   Form 3038 1/01
fC,

 
i
(h) Any such agreements will not affect the rights Borrower has - if any - with respect to the
Mortgage Insurance under the Homeowners Protection Act of 1998 or any other law. These rights may
include the right to receive certain disclosures, to request and obtain cancellation of the Mortgage
Insurance, to have the Mortgage Insurance terminated automatically, and/or to receive a refund of any
Mortgage Insurance premiums that were unearned at the time of such cancellation or termination.
11. Assignment of Miscellaneous Proceeds; Forfeiture. All Miscellaneous Proceeds are hereby
assigned to and shall be paid to Lender.
If the Property is damaged, such Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to restoration or repair of the
Property, if the restoration or repair is economically feasible and Lender's security is not lessened. During
such repair and restoration period, Lender shall have the right to hold such Miscellaneous Proceeds until
Lender has had an opportunity to inspect such Property to ensure the work has been completed to Lender's
satisfaction, provided that such inspection shall be undertaken promptly. Lender may pay for the repairs and
restoration in a single disbursement or in a series of progress payments as the work is completed, Unless an i
agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to be paid on such Miscellaneous  
Proceeds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or earnings on such Miscellaneous j
Proceeds. If the restoration or repair is not economically feasible or Lender's security would be lessened, the
Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument,
whether or not then due, with the excess, if any, paid to Borrower. Such Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be
applied in the order provided for in Section 2.  
In the event of a total taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property, the Miscellaneous Proceeds i
shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due, with the excess, if
any, paid to Borrower.
In the event of a partial taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property in which the fair market
value of the Property immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value is equal to or greater
than the amount of the sums secured by this Security Instrument immediately before the partial taking,
destruction, or loss in value, unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing, the sums secured by this
Security Instrument shall be reduced by the amount of the Miscellaneous Proceeds multiplied by the
following fraction: (a) the total amount of the sums secured immediately before the partial taking, destruction,
or loss in value divided by (b) the fair market value of the Property irmnediately before the partial taking,
destruction, or loss in value. Any balance shall be paid to Borrower.
In the event of a partial taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property in which the fair market
value of the Property immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value is less than the
amount of the sums secured immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value, unless
Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing, the Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to the sums
secured by this Security Instrument whether or not the sums are then due.
If the Property is abandoned by Borrower, or if, after notice by Lender to Borrower that the Opposing
Party (as defined in the next sentence) offers to make an award to settle a claim for damages, Borrower fails
to respond to Lender within 30 days after the date the notice is given, Lender is authorized to collect and
apply the Miscellaneous Proceeds either to restoration or repair of the Property or to the sums secured by this
Security Instrument, whether or not then due. "Opposing Party" means the third party that owes Borrower
Miscellaneous Proceeds or the party against whom Borrower has a right of action in regard to Miscellaneous
Proceeds.
Borrower shall be in default if any action or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, is begun that, in
Lender's judgment, could result in forfeiture of the Property or other material impairment of Lender's interest
in the Property or rights under this Security Instrument. Borrower can cure such a default and, if acceleration
has occurred, reinstate as provided in Section 19, by causing the action or proceeding to be dismissed with a
ruling that, in Lender's judgment, precludes forfeiture of the Property or other material impairment of
Lender's interest in the Property or rights under this Security Instrument. The proceeds of any award or claim
for damages that are attributable to the impairment of Lender's interest in the Property are hereby assigned
and shall be paid to Lender.
All Miscellaneous Proceeds that are not applied to restoration or repair of the Property shall be applied
in the order provided for in Section 2.
12. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time for
payment or modification of amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender
Initials: C
@9-6A(OR) (0510) Pageseris   Form 3038 1/01
fc,

to Borrower or any Successor in Interest of Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of Borrower or
any Successors in Interest of Borrower. Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against any
Successor in Interest of Borrower or to refuse to extend time for payment or otherwise modify amortization
of the sums secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any demand made by the original Borrower or
any Successors in Interest of Borrower. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or remedy
including, without limitation, Lender's acceptance of payments from third persons, entities or Successors in
Interest of Borrower or in amounts less than the amount then due, shall not be a waiver of or preclude the
exercise of any right or remedy.
13. Joint and Several Liability; Co-signers; Successors and Assigns Bound. Borrower covenants and
agrees that Borrower's obligations and liability shall be joint and several, However, any Borrower who
co—signs this Security Instrument but does not execute the Note (a "co—signer"); (a) is co-signing this
Security Instrument only to mortgage, grant and convey the co—signer's interest in the Property under the
terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not personally obligated to pay the sums secured by this Security
Instrument; and (c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower can agree to extend, modify, forbear or make ,
any accommodations with regard to the terms of this Security Instrument or the Note without the co—signer's
consent.
Subject to the provisions of Section 18, any Successor in Interest of Borrower who assumes Borrower's
obligations under this Security Instrument in writing, and is approved by Lender, shall obtain all of
Borrower's rights and benefits under this Security Instrument. Borrower shall not be released from
Borrower's obligations and liability under this Security Instrument unless Lender agrees to such release in
writing. The covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument shall bind (except as provided in Section
20) and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender.
14. Loan Charges. Lender may charge Borrower fees for services performed in connection with
Borrower's default, for the purpose of protecting Lender's interest in the Property and rights under this
Security Instrument, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees, property inspection and valuation fees. In
regard to any other fees, the absence of express authority in this Security Instrument to charge a specific fee
to Borrower shall not be construed as a prohibition on the charging of such fee. Lender may not charge fees
that are expressly prohibited by this Security Instrument or by Applicable Law.
I lf the Loan is subject to a law which sets maximum loan charges, and that law is finally interpreted so
that the interest or other loan charges collected or to be collected in connection with the Loan exceed the
permitted limits, then; (a) any such loan charge shall be reduced by the amount necessary to reduce the charge
to the permitted limit; and (b) any sums already collected from Borrower which exceeded permitted limits
will be refunded to Borrower. Lender may choose to make this refund by reducing the principal owed under
the Note or by making a direct payment to Borrower. If a refund reduces principal, the reduction will be
treated as a partial prepayment without any prepayment charge (whether or not a prepayment charge is
provided for under the Note). Borrower's acceptance of any such refund made by direct payment to Borrower
will constitute a waiver of any right of action Borrower might have arising out of such overcharge.
15. Notices. All notices given by Borrower or Lender in connection with this Security Instrument must
be in writing. Any notice to Borrower in cormection with this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have
been given to Borrower when mailed by first class mail or when actually delivered to Borrower's notice
address if sent by other means. Notice to any one Borrower shall constitute notice to all Borrowers unless
Applicable Law expressly requires otherwise. The notice address shall be the Property Address unless
Borrower has designated a substitute notice address by notice to Lender. Borrower shall promptly notify
Lender of Borrower's change of address. If Lender specifies a procedure for reporting Borrower's change of
address, then Borrower shall only report a change of address through that specified procedure. There may be
only one designated notice address under this Security Instrument at any one time. Any notice to Lender shall
be given by delivering it or by mailing it by Hrst class mail to Lender's address stated herein unless Lender
has designated another address by notice to Borrower. Any notice in connection with this Security Instrument
shall not be deemed to have been given to Lender until actually received by Lender. If any notice required by
this Security Instrument is also required under Applicable Law, the Applicable Law requirement will satisfy
the corresponding requirement under this Security Instrument.
Initials:
@-6A(0R) (0510) P8gG1ODf15 Form 3038 1/01
®   jc

16. Governing Law; Severability; Rules of Construction. This Security Instrument shall be governed
by federal law and the law of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. All rights and obligations
contained in this Security Instrument are subject to any requirements and limitations of Applicable Law.
Applicable Law might explicitly or implicitly allow the parties to agree by contract or it might be silent, but
such silence shall not be construed as a prohibition against agreement by contract. In the event that any
provision or clause of this Security Instrument or the Note conflicts with Applicable Law, such conflict shall
not affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or the Note which can be given effect without the
conflicting provision.
As used in this Security Instrument: (a) words of the masculine gender shall mean and include
corresponding neuter words or words of the feminine gender; (b) words in the singular shall mean and
include the plural and vice versa; and (c) the word "may" gives sole discretion without any obligation to take
any action.
17. Borrower's Copy. Borrower shall be given one copy of the Note and of this Security Instrument.
18. Transfer of the Property or a Beneficial Interest in Borrower. As used in this Section 18,
"Interest in the Property " means any legal or beneficial interest in the Property, including, but not limited to,
those beneficial interests transferred in a bond for deed, contract for deed, installment sales contract or escrow
agreement, the intent of which is the transfer of title by Borrower at a future date to a purchaser.
If all or any part of the Property or any Interest in the Property is sold or transferred (or if Borrower is
not a natural person and a beneficial interest in Borrower is sold or transferred) without Lender's prior written
consent, Lender may require immediate payment in lull of all sums secured by this Security Instrument.
However, this option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited by Applicable Law.
If Lender exercises this option, Lender shall give Borrower notice of acceleration. The notice shall (
provide a period of not less than 30 days from the date the notice is given in accordance with Section 15  
within which Borrower must pay all sums secured by this Security Instrument. If Borrower fails to pay these
sums prior to the expiration of this period, Lender may invoke any remedies permitted by this Security
Instrument without further notice or demand on Borrower.
19. Borrower's Right to Reinstate After Acceleration. If Borrower meets certain conditions,
Borrower shall have the right to have enforcement of this Security Instrument discontinued at any time prior
to the earliest of: (a) five days before sale of the Property pursuant to any power of sale contained in this
Security Instrument; (b) such other period as Applicable Law might specify for the termination of Borrower's
right to reinstate; or (c) entry of a judgment enforcing this Security Instrument. Those conditions are that
Borrower; (a) pays Lender all sums which then would be due under this Security Instrument and the Note as
if no acceleration had occurred; (b) cures any default of any other covenants or agreements; (c) pays all
expenses incurred in enforcing this Security Instrument, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’
fees, property inspection and valuation fees, and other fees incurred for the purpose of protecting Lender's
interest in the Property and rights under this Security Instrument; and (d) takes such action as Lender may
reasonably require to assure that Lender's interest in the Property and rights under this Security Instrument,
and Borrower's obligation to pay the sums secured by this Security Instrument, shall continue unchanged,
Lender may require that Borrower pay such reinstatement sums and expenses in one or more of the following
forms, as selected by Lender: (a) cash; (b) money order; (c) certihed check, bank check, treasurer's check or
cashier's check, provided any such check is drawn upon an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal
agency, instmmentality or entity; or (d) Electronic Funds Transfer. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this
Security Instrument and obligations secured hereby shall remain fully effective as if no acceleration had
, occurred. However, this right to reinstate shall not apply in the case of acceleration under Section 18.
20. Sale of Note; Change of Loan Servicer; Notice of Grievance. The Note or a partial interest in the
Note (together with this Security Instrument) can be sold one or more times without prior notice to Borrower.
A sale, might result in a change in the entity (known as the "Loan Servicer") that collects Periodic Payments
due under the Note and this Security Instrument and performs other mortgage loan servicing obligations
under the Note, this Security Instrument, and Applicable Law. There also might be one or more changes of
the Loan Servicer unrelated to a sale of the Note. If there is a change of the Loan Servicer, Borrower will be
given written notice of the change which will state the name and address of the new Loan Servicer, the
address to which payments should be made and any other information RESPA requires in connection with a
Initials: C.
@-6A(OR) (0510) t>age11¤r1s   Form 3038 1/01
® 5-C/

 
notice of transfer of servicing. If the Note is sold and thereafter the Loan is serviced by a Loan Servicer other
than the purchaser of the Note, the mortgage loan servicing obligations to Borrower will remain with the
Loan Servicer or be transferred to a successor Loan Servicer and are not assumed by the Note purchaser
unless otherwise provided by the Note purchaser.
Neither Borrower nor Lender may commence, join, or be joined to any judicial action (as either an
individual litigant or the member of a class) that arises from the other party’s actions pursuant to this Security
Instrument or that alleges that the other party has breached any provision of, or any duty owed by reason of,
this Security Instrument, until such Borrower or Lender has notified the other party (with such notice given in
compliance with the requirements of Section 15) of such alleged breach and afforded the other party hereto a
reasonable period after the giving of such notice to take corrective action. If Applicable Law provides a time
period which must elapse before certain action can be taken, that time period will be deemed to be reasonable
for purposes of this paragraph. The notice of acceleration and opportunity to cure given to Borrower pursuant
to Section 22 and the notice of acceleration given to Borrower pursuant to Section 18 shall be deemed to
satisfy the notice and opportunity to take corrective action provisions of this Section 20.
21. Hazardous Substances. As used in this Section 21: (a) "Hazardous Substances" are those
substances defined as toxic or hazardous substances, pollutants, or wastes by Environmental Law and the
following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or toxic petroleum products, toxic pesticides and
herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or formaldehyde, and radioactive materials; (b)
"Environmental Law" means federal laws and laws of the jurisdiction where the Property is located that relate
to health, safety or environmental protection; (c) "Environmental Cleanup" includes any response action,
remedial action, or removal action, as defined in Environmental Law; and (d) an "Environmental Condition"
means a condition that can cause, contribute to, or otherwise trigger an Environmental Cleanup,
Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or release of any Hazardous
Substances, or threaten to release any Hazardous Substances, on or in the Property. Borrower shall not do,
nor allow anyone else to do, anything affecting the Property (a) that is in violation of any Enviromnental
Law, (b) which creates an Environmental Condition, or (c) which, due to the presence, use, or release of a  
Hazardous Substance, creates a condition that adversely affects the value of the Property. The preceding two
sentences shall not apply to the presence, use, or storage on the Property of small quantities of Hazardous
Substances that are generally recognized to be appropriate to normal residential uses and to maintenance of
the Property (including, but not limited to, hazardous substances in consumer products).
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of (a) any investigation, claim, demand, lawsuit or
other action by any governmental or regulatory agency or private party involving the Property and any
Hazardous Substance or Enviromnental Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge, (b) any
Enviromnental Condition, including but not limited to, any spilling, leaking, discharge, release or threat of
release of any Hazardous Substance, and (c) any condition caused by the presence, use or release of a
Hazardous Substance which adversely affects the value of the Property. If Borrower learns, or is notified by
any governrrrental or regulatory authority, or any private party, that any removal or other remediation of any
Hazardous Substance affecting the Property is necessary, Borrower shall promptly take all necessary remedial
actions in accordance with Environmental Law. Nothing herein shall create any obligation on Lender for an
Environmental Cleanup.
Initials: C
Q-6A(OR) (0510) Pageizoris   Form 3038 1/01
C,

 
NON—UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender iurther covenant and agree as follows:
22. Acceleration; Remedies. Lender shall give notice to Borrower prior to acceleration following
Borrower's breach of any covenant or agreement in this Security Instrument (but not prior to
acceleration under Section 18 unless Applicable Law provides otherwise). The notice shall specify: (a)
the default; (b) the action required to cure the default; (c) a date, not less than 30 days from the date
the notice is given to Borrower, by which the default must be cured; and (d) that failure to cure the
default on or before the date specified in the notice may result in acceleration of the sums secured by
this Security Instrument and sale of the Property. The notice shall further inform Borrower of the
right to reinstate after acceleration and the right to bring a court action to assert the non-existence of a
default or any other defense of Borrower to acceleration and sale. If the default is not cured on or
before the date specified in the notice, Lender at its option may require immediate payment in full of
all sums secured by this Security Instrument without further demand and may invoke the power of
sale and any other remedies permitted by Applicable Law. Lender shall be entitled to collect all
expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided in this Section 22, including, but not limited to, r
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of title evidence.
If Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall execute or cause Trustee to execute a written
notice of the occurrence of an event of default and of Lender's election to cause the Property to be sold
and shall cause such notice to be recorded in each county in which any part of the Property is located.
Lender or Trustee shall give notice of sale in the manner prescribed by Applicable Law to Borrower
and to other persons prescribed by Applicable Law. After the time required by Applicable Law,
Trustee, without demand on Borrower, shall sell the Property at public auction to the highest bidder at
the time and place and under the terms designated in the notice of sale in one or more parcels and in
r any order Trustee determines. Trustee may postpone sale of all or any parcel of the Property by public
T announcement at the time and place of any previously scheduled sale. Lender or its designee may
purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee's deed conveying the Property without any
covenant or warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee's deed shall be prima facie
evidence of the truth of the statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the
q following order: (a) to all expenses of the sale, including, but not limited to, reasonable Trustee's and
attorneys' fees; (b) to all sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) any excess to the person or
persons legally entitled to it.
23. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall request
Trustee to reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security Instrument and all notes evidencing debt
secured by this Security Instrument to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the Property without warranty to the
person or persons legally entitled to it. Such person or persons shall pay any recordation costs. Lender may
charge such person or persons a fee for reconveying the Property, but only if the fee is paid to a third party
(such as the Trustee) for services rendered and the charging of the fee is permitted under Applicable Law.
24. Substitute Trustee. Lender may from time to time remove Trustee and appoint a successor trustee
to any Trustee appointed hereunder. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor trustee shall succeed
to all the title, power and duties conferred upon Trustee herein and by Applicable Law.
25. Attorneys' Fees. As used in this Security Instrument and in the Note, attorneys' fees shall include
those awarded by an appellate court.
26. Protective Advances. This Security Instrument secures any advances Lender, at its discretion, may
make under Section 9 of this Security Instrument to protect Lender's interest in the Property and rights under
this Security Instrument.
27. Required Evidence of Property Insurance.
WARNING
Unless you provide us with evidence of the insurance coverage as required by our contract
or loan agreement, we may purchase insurance at your expense to protect our interest. This
insurance may, but need not, also protect your interest. If the collateral becomes damaged, the
coverage we purchase may not pay any claim you make or any claim made against you. You may
later cancel this coverage by providing evidence that you have obtained property coverage
elsewhere.
@‘ Initials:  
-6A(OR) (0510) Pagewerrs Form 3038 1/01
® 5C,

 
You are responsible for the cost of any insurance purchased by us. The cost of this insurance
  may be added to your contract or loan balance. If the cost is added to your contract or loan
balance, the interest rate on the underlying contract or loan will apply to this added amount. The
effective date of coverage may be the date your prior coverage lapsed or the date you failed to
provide proof of coverage.
The coverage we purchase may be considerably more expensive than insurance you can
obtain on your own and may not satisfy any need for property damage coverage or any mandatory
liability insurance requirements imposed by Applicable Law.
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained in this
Security Instrument and in any Rider executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
Witnesses:
· C / (Seal)
J IFE C EPPING _B0rmwcr
   (S¢a1)
SHAWN CHESLEY _B0m)wcr
(Seal) (Seal)
-Borrower -Borrower
(Seal) I (Seal)
-Borrower —Borrowcr
(Seal) (Seal)
-BOI'I'0WC1‘ -BO1’l’OWCl'
Q-6A(OR) (0510) Pagc14¤f15 Form 3038 1/01

 
\)- \,\ X-u
STATE OF OREGON, jig "`· County ss:
On this bf day of Q U n.¤__ 2/OO 5 , personally appeared the above named
JENNIFER C EPPING , SINGLE AND SHAWN CHESLEY , SINGLE
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be his/her@Er>voluntary act and deed.
My Commission Expires:   ICI ( 201 O (_Before mm;-®°~D\"r\’l %m X *
(Official Seal) \\ ; Q   2 S
Notary Public for Oregon
  ,;§.,, OFFICIAL SEAL
:?{€Y]§‘°q DAPHNE BRIX
 ` NOTARY PUBLIC·OFIEGON
g   COMMISSION NO. 407450
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES JUNE 19, 2010
InI1IaIs: C
@9-6A(OR) (0510) Page15cf15 Form 3038 1/01
5;
PREPARED BY:
I ALICIA STEVENS
U. S . BANK, N . A.
4 8 O 1 FREDERICA ST
OWENSBORO , KY 4 2 3 O 1

LEGAL DESCRH°TION
"EXHIBIT A"
 
EXHIBIT "A"
LEGAL DESCRIPTION
In Township Seventeen (17) South, Range Fourteen (14), East of the Willamette
Meridian, Deschutes County, Oregon, Section 24: The Southwest Quarter of the
Northwest Quarter of the Northeast Quarter (SW1/4 NWI/4 NE1/4) EXCEPTING
THEREFROM the right of way of Horsell Road.
EXCEPTING THEREFROM the disputed strip awarded to Gary Lee Johnson and E. Leona
Johnson by Judgment rendered in that certain Quiet Title Action filed in the
Circuit Court of the State of Oregon for the County of Deschutes as Case No.
OO-CV—O566—ST, a copy of which was recorded in Volume 2003, Page 36897,
Deschutes County Records. Said strip is depicted on Exhibit B of said
judgment.
\
Reference: Title Order N0. 107259
Escrow N0. OM 1 07259DB

 
l
I
. LOAN: 7884012366
SECOND HOME RIDER
THIS SECOND HOME RIDER is made this 4TH day of JUNE 2008 ,
and is Incorporated into and shall be deemed to amend and supplement the Mortgage,
Deed of Trust, or Security Deed (the "Security Instrument") of the same date given by the
undersigned (the "Borrower" whether there are one or more persons undersigned) to  
secure Borrower's Note to l
U.S. BANK, N.A.
(the "Lender") of the same date and covering the Property described in the Security
Instrument (the "Property"), which is located at:
26570 HoRsELL RD, BEND, OREGON 97701
[Property Address]
In addition to the covenants and agreements made in the Security Instrument,
Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree that Sections 6 and 8 of the Security
Instrument are deleted and are replaced by the following:
6. Occupancy. Borrower shall occupy, and shall only use, the Property as
Borrower's second home. Borrower shall keep the Property available for
Borrower's exclusive use and enjoyment at all times, and shall not subject the
Property to any timesharing or other shared ownership arrangement or to any
rental pool or agreement that requires Borrower either to rent the Property or give
a management firm or any other person any control over the occupancy or use of
the Property.
8. Borrower's Loan Application. Borrower shall be In default if, during the Loan
application process, Borrower or any persons or entities acting at the direction of ‘
Borrower or with Borrower's knowledge or consent gave materially false,
misleading, or inaccurate information or statements to Lender (or failed to provide
Lender with material information) in connection with the Loan. Material
representations include, but are not limited to, representations concerning
Borrower's occupancy of the Property as Borrower's second home.
MULTISTATE SECOND HOME RIDER - Single Family — Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac
UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
Form 38901/01 Page 1 of2 Initials?    
@9-365R (0411) VMP Mortgage Solutions, Inc. (800)52‘l-7291 5 C

 
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants
contained in this Second Home Rider. R
(Seal)   ' (Seal) i
-Borrower -Borrower (
l
i
(Seal) - (Seal) (
-Borrower -Borrower  
l
(Seal) (Seal) l
-Borrower -Borrower
(Seal) (Seal) (
-Borrower -Borrower  
 
i
Q-365R (0411) Page2of 2 Form 3890 1/01  
i

. P. 5/ l l
000. 0. 2000 2:00000 00 000K 00 0000
Return T0:
US Bank. NA
eos s. com Street, Suite 210
West Allis, Wl 53214
gme 4 , 20 Q
Date ,
Deschutes County
Place of Recording
Record & Retum by [] Mail [] Pickup to:`
Name
Address 1
Address 2
Tax Parcel No. See Exhibit "A" I
Legal Description is at page _.
Lot Block Plat or Section
Township Range Quarter/Quarter Section
MANUFACTURED HOME AFFIDAVIT OF AFFIXATION
(type name of each homeowner}
Being duly swom. on his or her oath state as follows: ·
1. Homeowner owns the manufactured home described as follows:
Used 1998 gqlden West Dream Home OK6000ls I
New/Used Year Manufacturefs Name Model Name or Model No.
GwOR23N21476 OK60001FF 28 x 56 _
Vehicle identification Number (s) _ Length x Width
2. The Home was built in compliance with the federal Manufactured Home Construction and Safety
Standards Act, after June 15, 1976.
ATTENTION COUNTY CLERK: This instrument covers goods that are fixtures on the land described herein and is
to be tiled for record in the records where conveyance: of real estate are recorded.
Page 1 of 5
I Revised 8/15/07

000. 2. 2000 2:0000 us 0000 00- 0054 0- 0/00
' 3. The Home is or will be located at the following Property Address:
2§57O Hgggell Rgggj Bgggj QB 9jZ]Q| .
Street or Route . City State Zip Code
4. The legal description of the Property Address (“Land“) is typed below or please see attached legal
description: _
“SEE ATTACHED LEGAL DESCRIPTION"
5. The Homeowner is the owner of the Land and any conveyance or financing of the Home and the Land
shall be a single transaction under applicable state law.
6. The Home is anchored to the Land by attachment to a permanent foundation, constructed in
accordance with applicable state and local building codes and manufacturers specincations in a manner
suflicient to validate any applicable manufacturers warranty, and permanently connected to appropriate
residential utilities (e.g., water, gas, electricity, sewer) ("Permanently Affixed"). The Homeowner intends I
that the Home be an immovable fixture and a permanent improvement to the Land.
7. The Home shall be assessed and taxed as an improvement to the Land, with the understanding the
manufactured home shall not be converted to personal property.
- 8. This Affidavit is executed by the Homeowner pursuant to applicable state law.
9. Borrower and Lender state that it is their intent that the manufactured home be and remain
pennanently attached to and part of the real property. and that it be regarded as an immovable fixture
thereto and not as personal property.
10. A Homeowner shall initial only one of the following, as it applies to title to the Home:
{libs Home is not covered by a certincate of title. The original manufacturers certihcate of origin,
duly endorsed to the Homeowner, is attached to this Affidavit, or previously was recorded in the
real property records of the jurisdiction where the Home is to be located.
[_] The Home is not covered by a certificate of title. After diligent search and inquiry, the Homeowner
is unable to produce the original manufacturers certificate of origin.
[___] The [ ] manufacturers certificate of origin [ ] certificate of title to the Home [ ] shall be [ ] has
been eliminated as required by applicable law.
[ | The Home shall be covered by a certificate of title.
AT1`EN'1`ION COUNTY CLERK: This instrument covers goods that are iixtures on the land described herein and is
to be filed for record in the records where conveyzmces of real estate are recorded.
‘ Page 2 of 5
Revised 8/15/07

N0. 0054 P. 7/11
JUN. 3. 2008 3:40PNl US BANK
§iQ§€1il-W6   g i é   l Signature , I
/ ’ Q _ ,%M Qzrég _
Printed Name Printed Name
Signature ‘ l Signature I
Pnnted Name Pnnted Name
STATE 0l= ( 2 QQ Q Q
COUNTY OF   Q;  
On the Q day of   5umL in the yearZUO? before me, the
Undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared
né . ‘ { rx cx A Chu D » _ 1
Personally known to me or prove to e on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the dividual(s)
whose name(s) is(are) subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they
executed the same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument,
the individual(s), or the person on behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument. ·
Notary Signat§e   Official Seal:
N ésémg  pig .
Notary rinte Name
Notary Public; State of FQ `Of\     Cglzilgm- SEQ-
Qualined in the County of » { 1....1}*12
. . . _ . * ;· .  · Nornnv PUBLIC-OREGON
My Commission Expires.   GOMMISSJON NQ 407450
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES JUNE 19. 2010
"l affirm, under the penalties for perjury, that I have taken reasonable care to redact each Social Security
number in this document, unless required by law."
 
AT1'EN'I [ON COUNTY CLERK: This instrument covers goods that are fixtures on the land described herein and is
to be filed for record in the records whore conveysnces of real estate are recorded.
· Page 3 of 5
Revised 8/15/07

 
i l
Lender’s Statement of lntent:
The undersigned ("Lender") intends that the Home be an immovable fixture and a permanent
improvement to the Land. ‘ _
US Bank, NA - l U
By: _ -
Authorized Sig ure
Prinéd Name · g V
STATE OF   LL I
COUNTY OF   Qlkgltg gg
_ On the   day of Q P; E g : in the yearmbefore me, the
Undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared
r I .\ ` ,3 .
Personally knowd to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individuaI(s)
whose name(s) is(are) subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they
` executed the same in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument,
the individual(s), or the p  son on behalf of which the individuaI(s) acted, executed the instrument.
l
,4 ` ` I C  ' 5 i lg il 1`\\·"""ii,,,  'I ii   —·
AML, . l %II Q»’· n /     Z  _     "   _
Notary Sig .  re . _ Official Seal:   q§,_;.;-·_·w··..7¢.s,»_)’~»,_“=·   ;__  
· _ — _T  (Jig" 0   — Q,  i
1 \Q u M. ’ » _ I · s '       Z *;*2 Q =;;.;`(~.·*_·
Notary : inted Name T ‘ >;;;;j2a U, g   i·-— *°` pj   E $55 5  
`° T     Te   O   Qi   f.·:;` ?  
Notary Public; State of       EQ   Oi  l i
Qualified inthe County of Dliwlwgg   ‘f ··—-  ,:\’<,__,`—‘  ,
My Commission Expires: 5#3t§—»;E   ```L {   `T   ,.,__   .    
ATTENTION COUNTY CLERK: This instrument covers goods that are tixtures on the land described herein and is  
n to be tiled for record in the records where conveyances of real estate are recorded.
Page 4 of 5
· Revised 8/15/07 T

 
JUN. 3.2008 3:40PM US BANK _ N0.0054 P. 9/11
P .
_ EXHIBIT "A"
Parcel Number:
 
In Township Seventeen (17) South, Range Fourteen (14), East of the Willamette Meridian,
V Deschutes County, Oregon, Section 24: The Southwest Quarter of the Northwest Quarter of
the Northeast Quarter (SW1/4 NW1/4 NI-ll/4) EXCEPTING THEREFROM the right of way of
Horsell Road.
EXCEPTING THEREFROM the disputed strip awarded to Gary Lee Johnson and E. Leona Johnson
_ by Judgment rendered in that certain Quiet Title Action filed in the Circuit Court of
the State of Oregon for the County of Deschutes as Case No. OO—CV—O566—ST, a copy of
which was recorded in Volume 2003, Page 36897, Deschutes County Records. Said strip is
depicted on Exhibit B of said judgment.
A A'I`1`EN’I`ION COUNTY CLERK: This instrument covers goods that are fxmrcs on the land described herein and is
to be tiled for record in the records where convcyarices of real esrare are recorded.
Page5cf5 1
Revised 8/15/07
e

