•» 4  
4 _ 4 DESCHUTES COUNTY OFFICIRL RECORDS
\O ’ ‘ NRNCY BLHNKENSHIP, COUNTY CLERK  
0 tics 00
ix |l||||||I|| ~
 0617 ¤ ¤
Until a change is requested all tax statements 33220 8 Oznlzwlsclsg      
shall be sent to the following address. H-DT Cnt=1 Stn:}. BN
gg? E454;14;*§g;[ENgti;;t24 $O0.00 $11 .OO $10.00 $5.00
Simi Valley CA, 93065
WHEN RECORDED RETURN TO: .
JANE DOCMAN
MS SV-79 DOCUMENT PROCESSING
P.O.B0x 10423
\w Van Nuys, CA 91410-0423
Prepared By:
KATY L. DICKINSON ·
TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER 1
114770 ‘
  [Space Above This Line For Recording Data]  
4314428155 2744341 OOOl9289280905008
[Case #] l [Escrow/Closing #] I [Doc ID #1
State of Oregon { FHA Case N0.
{SEQ up DEED OF TRUST 4444444444
RECORDED BY
WESTERN T|T|_E 3, ESQROW CO_ MIN 1001337-0003151474-1
THIS DEED OF TRUST ("Security Instrument") is made on MAY 24, 2008 . The Grantor is
FRED A MANN, AND JANET R MANN
("Borrower"). The trustee is
FIDELITY NATIONAL TITLE
PO BOX 32695, PHOENIX, AZ 85064
("Trustee").’ The beneficiary is Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. ("MERS"), (solely as nominee for Lender,
as hereinafter defined, and Lender's successors and assigns). MERS is organized and existing under the laws of
Delaware, and has an address and telephone number of P.O. Box 2026, Flint, MI 4850l—2026, tel. (888) 679—MERS.
COUNTRYWIDE BANK, FSB 4
("Lender") is organized and existing under the laws of THE UNITED STATES , and has an address of
1199 North Fairfax St . Ste . 500 , Alexandria, VA 22314 .
Borrower owes Lender the principal sum of
ONE HUNDRED TWELVE THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED SIXTY FIVE and oo/ 100
Dollars (U.S. $ 112, 6 65 . 0 0 ). This debt is evidenced by Borrower’s note dated the same date as this Security
Instrument ("Note"), which provides for monthly payments, with the full debt, if not paid earlier, due and payable
on JUNE 01, 2023 . This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment of the debt
evidenced by the Note, with interest, and all renewals, extensions and modifications of the Note; (b) the payment of all
other sums, with interest, advanced under paragraph 7 to protect the security of this Security Instrument; and (c) the
. performance of Borrower's covenants and agreements under this Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose,
Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to the Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the following described property
located in DESCHUTES · County, Oregon:
Lot 2 , Block 4 , PONDEROSA PINES SECOND ADDITION, Deschutes County, Oregon. HUD
#: ORE 360022 , ORE 360023 MANUFACTURER: Homette Corporation MODEL;
Greenbriar—6300ct DATE MANUFACTURED; 3/23/1998 SERIAL #: 2191-0835-K "WHICH, BY
INTENTION OF THE PARTIES, SHALL CONSTITUTE A PART OF THE REALTY AND SHALL PASS
WITH IT"
FHA Oregon Deed of Trust with MERS - 4/96
MERS FHA Deed of Trust-OR
1 2004N-OR (11/07)(d/i) Page 1 of 6 Amended 2/98 4
iliiili iiliiii   Iiilil\ii\i\i\\ ii\iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiili

CASE #: 4314428155 DOC ID #: O0019289280905008
which has the address of
15362 PONDEROSA LOOP, LA PINE .
[Street, City]
Oregon 9773 9 — 8 93 5 ("Property Address");
[Zip Code] ,
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements,
appurtenances and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and additions shall also be covered I
by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the "Property." Borrower
understands and agrees that MERS holds only legal title to the interests granted by Borrower in this Security Instrument;
but, if necessary to comply with law or custom, MERS, (as nominee for Lender and Lender’s successors and assigns), has
the right: to exercise any or all of those interests, including, but not limited to, the right to foreclose and sell the Property;
and to take any action required of Lender including, but not limited to, releasing or canceling this Security Instrument.
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seized of the estate hereby conveyed and has the right to
grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of record.
Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands, subject to any
encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non—uniform covenants with
limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real property.
Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
UNIFORM COVENANTS.
1. Payment of Principal, Interest and Late Charge. Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and interest
on, the debt evidenced by the Note and late charges due under the Note.
2. Monthly Payment of Taxes, Insurance and Other Charges. Borrower shall include in each monthly
payment, together with the principal and interest as set forth in the Note and any late charges, a sum for (a) taxes and
special assessments levied or to be levied against the Property, (b) leasehold payments or ground rents on the Property,
and (c) premiums for insurance required under paragraph 4. In any year in which the Lender must pay a mortgage
insurance premium to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development ("Secretary"), or in any year in which such
premium would have been required if Lender still held the Security Instrument, each monthly payment shall also include
either: (i) a sum for the annual mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the Secretary, or (ii) a monthly
charge instead of a mortgage insurance premium if this Security Instrument is held by the Secretary, in a reasonable
amount to be determined by the Secretary. Except for the monthly charge by the Secretary, these items are called
"Escrow Items" and the sums paid to Lender are called "Escrow Funds."
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold amounts for Escrow Items in an aggregate amount not to exceed the
maximum amount that may be required for Borrower's escrow account under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act
of 1974, 12 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq. and implementing regulations, 24 CFR Part 3500, as they may be amended from
time to time ("RESPA"), except that the cushion or reserve permitted by RESPA for unanticipated disbursements or
disbursements before the Borrower's payments are available in the account may not be based on amounts due for the I
mortgage insurance premium. ,
_ If the amounts held by Lender for Escrow Items exceed the amounts permitted to be held by RESPA, Lender shall 1
account to Borrower for the excess funds as required by RESPA. If the amounts of funds held by Lender at any time are
not sufficient to pay the Escrow Items when due, Lender may notify the Borrower and require Borrower to make up the
shortage as permitted by RESPA.
The Escrow Funds are pledged as additional security for all sums secured by this Security Instrument. If Borrower
  tenders to Lender the full payment of all such sums, Borrower's account shall be credited with the balance remaining for
I all installment items (a), (b), and (c) and any mortgage insurance premium installment that Lender has not become
obligated to pay to the Secretary, and Lender shall promptly refund any excess funds to Borrower. Immediately prior to a
foreclosure sale of the Property or its acquisition by Lender, Borrower's account shall be credited with any balance
remaining for all installments for items (a), (b), and (c).
3. Application of Payments. All payments under paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be applied by Lender as follows:
Fg;. to the mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the Secretary or to the monthly charge by the
Secretary instead of the monthly mortgage insurance premium;
Second, to any taxes, special assessments, leasehold payments or ground rents, and fire, flood and other hazard
insurance premiums, as required;
@, to interest due under the Note;
Fourth, to amortization of the principal of the Note; and
Eth, to late charges due under the Note.
. 4. Fire, Flood and Other Hazard Insurance. Borrower shall insure all improvements on the Property, whether I
now in existence or subsequently erected, against any hazards, casualties, and contingencies, including fire, for which
Lender requires insurance. This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts and for the periods that Lender requires.
Borrower shall also insure all improvements on the Property, whether now in existence or subsequently erected, against
loss by floods to the extent required by the Secretary. All insurance shall be carried with companies approved by Lender.
The insurance policies and any renewals shall be held by Lender and shall include loss payable clauses in favor of, and in
a form acceptable to, Lender.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give Lender immediate notice by mail. Lender may make proof of loss if not
made promptly by Borrower. Each insurance company concerned is hereby authorized and directed to make payment for
such loss directly to Lender, instead of to Borrower and to Lender jointly. All or any part of the insurance proceeds may
be applied by Lender, at its option, either (a) to the reduction of the indebtedness under the Note and this Security
Instrument, first to any delinquent amounts applied in the order in paragraph 3, and then to prepayment of principal,
or (b) to the restoration or repair of the damaged Property. Any application of the proceeds to the principal shall not
extend or postpone the due date of the monthly payments which are referred to in paragraph 2, or change the amount of
MERS FHA Deed of Trust-OR I
2004N-OR (11/07) Page 2 of 6

CASE #2 4314428155 - DOC ID #2 OOO19289280905008
such payments. Any excess insurance proceeds over an amount required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the
Note and this Security Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
In the event of foreclosure of this Security Instrument or other transfer of title to the Property that extinguishes the
indebtedness, all right, title and interest of Borrower in and to insurance policies in force shall pass to the purchaser. ‘
5. Occupancy, Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Borrower's Loan Application;
Leaseholds. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower's principal residence within sixty days
after the execution of this Security Instrument (or within sixty days of a later sale or transfer of the Property) and shall
continue to occupy the Property as Borrower's principal residence for at least one year after the date of occupancy, unless
Lender determines that requirement will cause undue hardship for Borrower, or unless extenuating circumstances exist
which are beyond Borrower's control. Borrower shall notify Lender of any extenuating circumstances. Borrower shall
not commit waste or destroy, damage or substantially change the Property or allow the Property to deteriorate, reasonable
wear and tear excepted. Lender may inspect the Property if the Property is vacant or abandoned or the loan is in default.
. Lender may take reasonable action to protect and preserve such vacant or abandoned Property. Borrower shall also be in
default if Borrower, during the loan application process, gave materially false or inaccurate information or statements to
Lender (or failed to provide Lender with any material information) in connection with the loan evidenced by the Note,
including, but not limited to, representations concerning Borrower's occupancy of the Property as a principal residence.
If this Security Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply with the provisions of the lease. If Borrower acquires
fee title to the Property, the leasehold and fee title shall not be merged unless Lender agrees to the merger in writing. _
6. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, in connection with
any condemnation or other taking of any part of the Property, or for conveyance in place of condemnation, are hereby
assigned and shall be paid to Lender to the extent of the full amount of the indebtedness that remains unpaid under the
Note and this Security Instrument. Lender shall apply such proceeds to the reduction of the indebtedness under the Note p
and this Security Instrument, first to any delinquent amounts applied in the order provided in paragraph 3, and then to A
prepayment of principal. Any application of the proceeds to the principal shall not extend or postpone the due date of the
, monthly payments, which are referred to in paragraph 2, or change the amount of such payments. Any excess proceeds
I over an afnount required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument shall be paid to
the entity legally entitled thereto.
7. Charges to Borrower and Protection of Lender's Rights in the Property. Borrower shall pay all
governmental or municipal charges, fines and impositions that are not included in paragraph 2. Borrower shall pay these ·
obligations on time directly to the entity which is owed the payment. If failure to pay would adversely affect
Lender's interest in the Property, upon Lender's request Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender receipts evidencing
these payments.
If Borrower fails to make these payments or the payments required by paragraph 2, or fails to perform any other
covenants and agreements contained in this Security Instrument, or there is a legal proceeding that may significantly
affect Lender's rights in the Property (such as aproceeding in bankruptcy, for condemnation or to enforce laws or
regulations), then Lender may do and pay whatever is necessary to protect the value of the Property and Lender's rights in
the Property, including payment of taxes, hazard insurance and other items mentioned in paragraph 2.
Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this paragraph shall become an additional debt of Borrower and be secured
by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest from the date of disbursement, at the Note rate, and at the
option of Lender, shall be immediately due and payable.
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument unless Borrower:
(a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable to Lender; (b) contests in
good faith the lien by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings which in the Lender's opinion
operate to prevent the enforcement of the lien; or (c) secures from the holder of the lien an agreement satisfactory to
Lender subordinating the lien to this Security Instrument. If Lender determines that any part of the Property is subject to a
lien which may attain priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying the lien. ·
Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take one or more of the actions set forth above within 10 days of the giving of notice.
8. Fees. Lender may collect fees and charges authorized by the Secretary.
9. Grounds for Acceleration of Debt.
(a) Default. Lender may, except as limited by regulations issued by the Secretary, in the case of payment
- defaults, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument if: _
(i) Borrower defaults by failing to pay in full any monthly payment required by this Security
Instrument prior to or on the due date of the next monthly payment, or
(ii) Borrower defaults by failing, for a period of thirty days, to perform any other obligations contained
in this Security Instrument.
(b) Sale Without Credit Approval. Lender shall, if permitted by applicable law (including Section 34l(d)
of the Garn—St. Germain Depository Institutions Act of 1982, 12 U.S.C. 170lj-3(d)) and with the prior approval
of the Secretary, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument if:
(i) All or part of the Property, or a beneficial interest in a trust owning all or part of the Property, is sold
or otherwise transferred (other than by devise or descent), and
(ii) The Property is not occupied by the purchaser or grantee as his or her principal residence, or the
purchaser or grantee does so occupy the Property but his or her credit has not been approved in
accordance with the requirements of the Secretary.
(c) No Waiver. If circumstances occur that would permit Lender to require immediate payment in full, but
I Lender does not require such payments, Lender does not waive its rights with respect to subsequent events.
(d) Regulations of HUD Secretary. In many circumstances regulations issued by the Secretary will limit
Lender's rights, in the case of payment defaults, to require immediate payment in full and foreclose if not paid.
This Security Instrument does not authorize acceleration or foreclosure if not permitted by regulations of the
Secretary. ‘
(e) Mortgage Not Insured. Borrower agrees that if this Security Instrument and the Note are not determined
to be eligible for insurance under the National Housing Act within 60 days from the date hereof, Lender may, at
its option, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument. A written statement
MERS FHA Deed of Trust—OR
' 2004N-OR (11/07) Page 3 of 6

CASE #2 4314428155 DOC ID #: OOO19289280905008
of any authorized agent of the Secretary dated subsequent to 60 days from the date hereof, declining to insure this
Security Instrument and the Note, shall be deemed conclusive proof of such ineligibility. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, this option may not be exercised by Lender when the unavailability of insurance is solely due to
Lender's failure to remit a mortgage insurance premium to the Secretary.
10. Reinstatement. Borrower has a right to be reinstated if Lender has required immediate payment in full
because of Borrower's failure to pay an amount due under the Note or this Security Instrument. This right applies even
after foreclosure proceedings are instituted. To reinstate the Security Instrument, Borrower shall tender in a lump sum all
amounts required to bring Borrower's account current including, to the extent they are obligations of Borrower under this
Security Instrument, foreclosure costs and reasonable and customary attorneys' fees and expenses properly associated
with the foreclosure proceeding. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security Instrument and the obligations that it
secures shall remain in effect as if Lender had not required immediate payment in full. However, Lender is not required
A to permit reinstatement if: (i) Lender has accepted reinstatement after the commencement of foreclosure proceedings ·
within two years immediately preceding the commencement of a current foreclosure proceeding, (ii) reinstatement will
V preclude foreclosure on different grounds in the future, or (iii) reinstatement will adversely affect the priority of the lien
created by this Security Instrument.
11. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time of payment or
modification of amortization of _the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender to any successor in
interest of Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of the original Borrower or Borrower's successor in interest.
Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against any successor in interest or refuse to extend time for
payment or otherwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any demand
made by the original Borrower or Borrower's successors in interest. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or
remedy shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy. A
12. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Co-Signers. The covenants and agreements of
this Security Instrument shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender and Borrower, subject to the
provisions of paragraph 9(b). Borrowerscovenants and agreements shall be joint and several. Any Borrower who
co-signs this Security Instrument but does not execute the Note: (a) is co—signing this Security Instrument only to
_ mortgage, grant and convey that Borrower's interest in the Property under the terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not
personally obligated to pay the sums secured by this Security Instrument; and _(c) agrees that Lender and any other
Borrower may agree to extend, modify, forbear or make any accommodations with regard to the terms of this Security
° A Instrument or the Note without that Borrower's consent.
I 13. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by delivering it or by
, mailing it by first class mail unless applicable law requires use of another method. The notice shall be directed to the
Property Address or any other address Borrower designates by notice to Lender. Any notice to Lender shall be given by
first class mail to Lender's address stated herein or any address Lender designates by notice to Borrower. Any notice .
provided for in this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower or Lender when given as
provided in this paragraph.
14. Governing Law; Severability. This Security Instrument shall be governed by Federal law and the law of the
jurisdiction in which the Property is located. In the event that any provision or clause of this Security Instrument or the
Note conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or the Note
which can be given effect without the conflicting provision. To this end the provisions of this Security Instrument and the
Note are declared to be severable. _
15. Borrower's Copy. Borrower shall be given one conformed copy of the Note and of this Security Instrument.
16. Hazardous Substances. Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or release of
any Hazardous Substances on or in the Property. Borrower shall not do, nor allow anyone else to do, anything affecting
the Property that is in violation of any Environmental Law. The preceding two sentences shall not apply to the presence,
use, or storage on the Property of small quantities of Hazardous Substances that are generally recognized to be
appropriate to normal residential uses and to maintenance of the Property.
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of any investigation, claim, demand, lawsuit or other action by
any governmental or regulatory agency or private party involving the Property and any Hazardous Substance or
Environmental Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge. If Borrower learns, or is notified by any governmental or
· regulatory authority, that any removal or other remediation of any Hazardous Substances affecting the Property is
necessary, Borrower shall promptly take all necessary remedial actions in accordance with Environmental Law.
As used in this paragraph 16, "Hazardous Substances" are those substances defined as toxic or hazardous substances
I by Environmental Law and the following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or toxic petroleum products,
toxic pesticides and herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or formaldehyde, and radioactive -
materials. As used in this paragraph 16, "Environmental Law" means federal laws and laws of the jurisdiction where the
Property is located that relate to health, safety or environmental protection. ‘
NON-UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
_ 17. Assignment of Rents. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower unconditionally assigns and
transfers to Lender all the rents and revenues of the Property. Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender's agents to collect
` the rents and revenues and hereby directs each tenant of the Property to pay the rents to Lender or Lender's agents.
However, prior to Lender's notice to Borrower of Borrower's breach of any covenant or agreement in the Security
Instrument, Borrower shall collect and receive all rents and revenues of the Property as trustee for the benefit of Lender
and Borrower. This assignment of rents constitutes an absolute assignment and not an assignment for additional security
only.
If Lender gives notice of breach to Borrower: (a) all rents received by Borrower shall be held by Borrower as
trustee for benefit of Lender only, to be applied to the sums secured by the Security Instrument; (b) Lender shall be
entitled to collect and receive all of the rents of the Property; and (c) each tenant of the Property shall pay all rents due
and unpaid to Lender or Lender's agent on Lender's written demand to the tenant.
Borrower has not executed any prior assignment of the rents and has not and will not perform any act that would
prevent Lender from exercising its rights under this paragraph l7.
- MERS FHA Deed of Trust-OR l
2004N-OR (11/07) Page 4 of 6

 
CASE #: 4314428155 DOC ID #: O0O19289280905008
Lender shall not be required to enter upon, take control of or maintain the Property before or after giving notice of
breach to Borrower. However, Lender or a judicially appointed receiver may do so at any time there is a breach;
Any application of rents shall not cure or waive any default or invalidate any other right or remedy of Lender.
l This assignment of rents of the Property shall terminate when the debt secured by the Security Instrument is paid in full.
18. Foreclosure Procedure. If Lender requires immediate payment in full under paragraph 9, Lender may
invoke the power of sale and any other remedies permitted by applicable law. Lender shall be entitled to collect all
expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided in this paragraph 18, including, but not limited to,
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of title evidence.
If Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall execute or cause Trustee to execute a written notice of the
occurrence of an event of default and of Lender's election to cause the Property to be sold and shall cause such
notice to be recorded in each county in which any part of the Property is located. Lender or Trustee shall give
notice of sale in the manner prescribed by applicable law to Borrower and to other persons prescribed by '
applicable law. After the time required by applicable law, Trustee, without demand on Borrower, shall sell the
Property at public auction to the highest bidder at the time and place and under the terms designated in the notice
of sale in one or more parcels and in any order Trustee determines. Trustee may postpone sale of all or any parcel
of the Property by public announcement at the time and place of any previously scheduled sale. Lender or its
designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee's deed conveying the Property without any covenant or
warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee's deed shall be prima facie evidenceof the truth of the
L statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the following order: (a) to all expenses of
the sale, including, but not limited to, reasonable Trustee's and attorneys' fees; (b) to all sums secured by this
Security Instrument; and (c) any excess to the person or persons legally entitled to it.
If the Lender's interest in this Security Instrument is held by the Secretary and the Secretary requires
I ` immediate payment in full under Paragraph 9, the Secretary may invoke the nonjudicial power of sale provided in
the Single Family Mortgage Foreclosure Act of 1994 ("Act") (12 U.S.C. 3751 et seq.) by requesting a foreclosure
commissioner designated under the Act to commence foreclosure and to sell the Property as provided in the Act.
Nothing in the preceding sentence shall deprive the Secretary of any rights otherwise available to a Lender under
this Paragraph 18 or applicable law.
19. Release. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall release this Security
Instrument. Borrower shall pay any recordation costs. Lender may charge Borrower a fee for releasing this Security
Instrument, but only if the fee is paid to a third party for services rendered and the charging of the fee is permitted under
applicable law.
20. Substitute Trustee. Lender may, from time to time, remove Trustee and appoint a successor trustee to any
Trustee appointed hereunder. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor trustee shall succeed to all the title,
power and duties conferred upon Trustee herein and by applicable law.
21. Attorneys' Fees. As used in this Security Instrument and in the Note, "attorneys` fees" shall include any
· attorneys' fees awarded by an appellate court.
MERS FHA Deed of Trust—OR
2QO4N—OR (11/07) Page 5 of 6

` (
CASE #¤ 4314428155 DOC ID #; O0O19289280’905008
22. Riders to this Security Instrument. If one or more riders are executed by Borrower and recorded together
with this Security Instrument, the covenants of each such rider shall be incorporated into and shall amend and supplement
the covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument as if the rider(s) were a part of this Security Instrument.
[Check applicable box(es)]. (
III Condominium Rider lj Growing Equity Rider  
I;] Planned Unit Development Rider Ii] Graduated Payment Rider (
I;) Other [specify]
. BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms contained in this Security Instrument and in any
rider(s) executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
{ (Seal)
, FRED . MANN —Borrower _
E}/YI nw (sean
JAN R. MANN —Borrower
(Seal)
—Borrower
(Seal)
V · 4 —Borrower
STATE or onncon, ‘DE.S¢ I-IUTES County ss;
On this   'Ch day of IM   , zoo § , personally appeared the
above named EEEQ A, M ANN gd, é gg NE [ Q, M AIQIU
and acknowledged
the foregoing instrument to be lm/·l1er/their voluntary act and deed.
My Commission Expires: I2 /251 Oq Before me: Jo C· Glu ST! N E
§°m“"* ‘“`~‘>¤~¤<»<»;\, , , .  ji
_.{L}§i, OFFICIAL SEAL I I 1 · ' f O
{   Ig Jo c causrm;   '° Or ""g°“
/  I  NOTARY PUBLIC-OREGON /
/   COMMISSION NO. 398014 /
& COMMISSION EXPIRES DEC. 25, 2009  ·
~·  ·¤:\,-\¤,·\-A_·Y_\_·\.x_.\.A_.\g
IVIERS FHA Deed of Trust—OR
2004N·OR (11/07) Page 6 of 6

Rc tu rn T 0 :
JANE 00cMAN
Ms sv—73 00c0MEN1 PR0cEss1N0
2.0.BOX 10423
Van Nuys, CA 91410-0423
PARCEL ID #:
114770
Prcp arcd B y:
KA1Y 1. DICKINSON
AFFIXATION AFFIDAVIT MANUFACTURED HOME
4314428155 2744341 0001320323090500a
[Case #1 [Escrow/Closing #1 [Doc ID #1
THESTATEOFI ggggagéig
c0uNTY0F
S cc ti on : _ L ot: 2
B 1 0ck: Q Unit:
Manufactured Home Affixaticn Affidavit
1E227-XX (03/O7).03(d/i) Page 1 of 4
111i11111i1111 1 IllI\ll1|l|1|1l|1il11l1ll111111111111| ll1ll1

‘ l
CASE it: 4314428155 DOC ID #2 OOO19289280905008
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, on this day personally appeared
Fred A. MANN
Janet R. MANN
("Borrower"), known to me to be the person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed below, and 1
who, being by me first duly sworn, did each on his or her oath state as follows: i
1. The manufactured home located on the following described property located I
15362 PONDEROSA LOOP, LA PINE, OR 97739-8935
in DESCHUTES County, ("Property Address") is
permanently affixed to a foundation, is made a part of the land and will assume the
  characteristics of site-built housing.
2. The anufa tured me is,d scri ed as follows: - _ _ _
   
ew/Used Manufacturer's ame anufacturer's ame and Model No.
ZC? B ’[   ’; 2 2   Attach Legal Description
Manufacturer's Serial No. Length/Width
3. The wheels, axles, towbar or hitch were removed when the manufactured home was
placed and anchored on its permanent foundation, and the manufactured home was
constructed in accordance with applicable state and local building codes and
manufacturer's specifications in a manner sufficient to validate any applicable
manufacturer's warranty.
4. All foundations, both perimeter and piers, for the manufactured home have footings that
are located below the frost line and the foundation system for the manufactured home
was designed by an engineer to meet the soil conditions of the Property Address.
5. If piers are used for the manufactured home, they have been provided.
6. If state law so requires, anchors for the manufactured home have been provided.
7. The foundation system of the manufactured home meets applicable state installation
requirements and all permits required by governmental authorities have been obtained.
8. The manufactured home is permanently connected to appropriate residential utilities such
as electricity, water, sewer and natural gas.
9. The financing transaction is intended to create a first lien in favor of Lender. No other
lien or financing affects the manufactured home, other than those disclosed in writing to
Lender.
10. The manufactured home was built in compliance with the federal Manufactured Home
Construction and Safety Standards Act.
ll. The undersigned acknowledge his or her intent that the manufactured home will be an
immovable fixture, a permanent improvement to the land and a part of the real property
securing the Security Instrument.
12. The manufactured home will be assessed and taxed by the applicable taxing jurisdiction
as real estate.
Manufactured Home Affixation Affidavit
15227-XX (O3/07).03 Page 2 of 4

 
‘ I
I
I
I
CASE #2 4314428155 DOC ID #: OOO19289280905008
13. The borrower is the owner of the land and any conveyance or financing of the
manufactured home and the land shall be a single real estate transaction under applicable
state law.
Borrower(s) certifies that Borrower(s) is in receipt of (a) the manufacturer's recommended
carpet maintenance program (if required by Lender), (b) any manufacturer°s warranties that
are still in effect and cover the heating/cooling systems, water heater, range, etc., and (c) the
formaldehyde health notice. This affidavit is being executed pursuant to applicable state law.
Witness Witness
‘   A. MAN? Borrower
15 PONDEROSA LOOP, LA PINE, OR 97739—8 935 Date
QMQQY   {Z? Igmd I .5;;;/ -I>8
JAN T R. MANN Borrower
15362 PONDEROSA LOOP, LA PINE, OR 97739-8935 Date
Borrower
Date
Borrower
Date
State of ( QQE QCA]
County of QQ,S§ l-jQ]E,§
Subscribed and sworn to (or affirmed) before me on this   day of M     ,
by EZQED A, QQANQ Qgaf. QAQQ [g.MA|;lM personally known to me or proved to
me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the person(s) who apgeared before me.
F}-\‘¤-\\·>.·\·.> .—\-x\-x-X_`_.&\_.Y{\) Notary Public
{ _,{;§§;, OFFICIAL SEAL y
/   JOCGUSTINE  
/   NOTARY PUBLIC-OREGON
2   _COMMISS|ON NO.398014 {
8 MYCOMMISSION EXPIRES DEC. 25 2009 d
`°Y‘\ " $\‘\*—\-‘¥-\\\ .-xp
[Acknowledgment on Following Page]
Manufactured Home Affixation Affidavit
1E227-XX (03/07).03 Page 3 of 4

 
CASE #: 4314428155 DOC ID #2 OOO19289280905008
LENDER ACKNOWLEDGMENT
  Lender's Statement of In  nt:
The undersigned [ e  • r intends that the manufactured home be an immovable fixture and a
permanent im  nt to the land.
LENDERZ   A --.__
By:  
Mr Ea1iHéX|!l||i!lB]E[’ 
State of (   1 §
State of §
County of   1/)]] xgltgl 2 , (city or t<>w¤).§
Th' s 'nstrum nt was a knowledged before me on [date],
by _ " U  .i _ [name of agent],
 @-E. , Il [title of agent] of
  [name of entit ackn wledging
a » [state and type of entity]. on behalf of '\
` [name of entit acknowledgin ].
_. .4 V g/gy J! X .
  ` ' •* ’ · W1 S' nature of Notarial Of ce
      mfcttzts a mms 5 Q   [
 ·   c¤QASSIONNO.39l§I] ,1,.1 f . IOM. L /
my ••i ` : ··= i BMIESAPRI  1:.; It C O Notan wer *
i ' My commission expires: *4%  
Manufactured Home Affixation Affidavit
15227-XX (O3/07).03 Page 4 of 4

 
After Recording Return To:
JANE DOCMAN
MS SV—79 DOCUMENT PROCESSING
P.O.B0x 10423
Van Nuys, CA 91410-0423
PARCEL ID #:
· 114770
Prepared By:
KATY L. DICKINSON
4314428155 2744341 192892809
[Case #] [Escrow/Closing #] [Loan #]
MANUFACTURED HOME
LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY
Manufactured Home Limited Power of Attorney
1E226-XX (06/O7)(d/i) Page 1 of 5
*23991* *192892809000001E226*

 
CASE #: 4314428155 LOAN #2 192892809
, The undersigned borrower(s), whether one or more, each referred to below as "I" or "me,"
rpsiding at _ \ L
_ Street Addresix _ City
  7   ("Present address").
State Zip County
Buyer/Owner of the following manufactured home:
( gg   gggg mfomgjjg QQ ggg i
New/U sed Year Manufacturer's Name
 /7/’ ’ so Im! ] gra:} A J ~—C;>  A  2/ /· %3$·· 27xL}L[
Model Name/Model No. Manufacturer's Serial No. Length/Width
permanently affixed to the real property located at
1 36 PONDEROSA LOOP
LA PINE, OR 97739-8935
("Property Address")
and as more particularly described on Exhibit A attached hereto (the "Real Property"), does
hereby irrevocably make, constitute, appoint and authorize with full powers of
substitution,
COUNTRYWIDE BANK, FSB
("Lender"), its successors, assigns or designees as my agent and attomey-in-fact, in my
name, place and stead in any way which I could do, if I were personally present, with full
power of substitution and delegation, (l) to complete, execute and deliver, in my name or
Lender's name, any and all forms, certificates, assignments, designations or other
documentation as may be necessary or proper to carry out the terms and provisions of the
Security Instrument executed by the undersigned in favor of Lender, (2) to complete, execute
and deliver, in my name or in Lender's name, any and all forms, certificates, assignments,
designations or other documentation as may be necessary or proper to make application for
and obtain the Certificate of Title for the manufactured home designated above, and to have
Lender, or its designee, designated as lienholder on the Certificate of Title for the
manufactured home, (3) to complete, execute and deliver in my name or Lender's name,
Manufactured Home Limited Power of Attorney
1E226-XX (06/07) Page 2 of 5

 
CASE #: 4314428155 LOAN #: 192892809
any and all forms, certificates, assignments, designations or other documentation as may be
necessary or proper to have the manufactured home treated as real estate for any and all
purposes under state law, including but not limited to the surrender of any Certificate of Title,
any election to treat the manufactured home as real estate for tax purposes or to meet any
other requirements in order for the loan/financing secured by the manufactured home and real
estate described in Exhibit A to be eligible for sale to the Federal National Mortgage `
Association ("Fannie Mae"), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Association ("Freddie Mac")
or any other secondary market purchaser, (4) to receive, complete, execute or endorse,
and deliver in my name or Lender's name any and all claim forms, agreements, assignments,
releases, checks, drafts or other instruments and vehicles for the payment of money,
relating to any insurance covering the manufactured home, the indebtedness secured by the
manufactured home or the Real Property, and (5) to complete, sign and file, without my
signature, such financing and continuation statements, amendments, and supplements thereto,
mortgages, deeds of trust and other documents which may from time to time be deemed
necessary to perfect, preserve and protect Lender's security interest in the Real Property,
the manufactured home, and any other property sold with it. I acknowledge that at the time
this Power of Attorney and my Security Instrument and any of the forms, certificates,
assignments, designations or other documentation are prepared the serial number for the
manufactured housing unit may not be available. The manufactured housing unit may be
a factory order in the process of being constructed. Immediately, upon receipt of the serial
number, I understand and agree that the above items may be completed and corrected to
properly disclose all the applicable home identifications, including the serial number.
I understand that I will be provided with a copy of any corrected document.
Manufactured Home Limited Power of Attorney
15226-XX (06/07) Page 3 of 5

 
i
CASE #2 43l¢l428l55 LOAN #: 192892809 I
To induce any third party to act hereunder, I hereby agree that any third party receiving a duly p
p executed copy or facsimile of this instrument may act hereunder, and I for myself and for my
  heirs, executors, legal representatives and assigns, hereby agree to indemnify and hold
i harmless any such third party from and against any and all claims that may arise against such
third party by reason of such third party having relied on the provisions of this instrument.
I have given this Power of Attorney in connection with a loan/financing to be given by Lender
and to induce Lender to make the financing available. It is coupled with an interest in the
transaction and is irrevocable. This Power of Attorney shall not be affected by my subsequent
incapacity, disability, or incompetence. I do further grant unto said Attorney—in-Fact full
authority and power to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incident to the execution
of the powers herein expressly granted, as fully as I might or could do if personally present.
WITNESS my hand and seal this   jk] day of   ,
%rrower   Witness
     
Printed Name Witness
Bogower Witness
Printed Name Witness
Manufactured Home Limited Power of Attorney
1E226—XX (06/07) Page 4 of 5
i

 
CASE #: 4314428155 LOAN #: 192892809
STATE OF CDFZE-L 61 O LJ )
_ )ss.
COUNTY OF TDESC HUTEY )
I, , $(3 Q , Q5 (| SI! IQ (5 , a Notary Public of the aforesaid County
and State, do hereby certify that .  rsonally appeared
before me this day and acknowledge the due execution of the foregoing instmment.
WITNESS my hand and official stamp or seal, this Z f Q day of
_MA¥___.___ , .;<x;s;_ .
j i g ; (Official Seal)
N OTARY PUBLIC, State of Q Q [;`, g mj
My Commission Expires: I 2 ·· Z 5 " O q
f  _ .\__ A N
§   ”é%l$`$é§%EL%%3’TI6l’$E“°"  
Manufactured Home LlmliBd Power of AHOITISY LX  COMMISSION EXPIRES pg   /
~ 1E226-XX (06/07) Page 5 of 5 '\ -‘\ .·x,~&..\‘\.·\.‘\.‘\ . ·\·\-xg
   
l 1
l  

 
LEGAL DESCRIPTION
Lot 2, Block 4, PON DEROSA PINES SECOND ADDITION, Deschutes County,
Oregon.

