 
S-ry \:o’\k\§"i Svw/> (gal"
 
DESCHUTES COUNTY OFFICIAL RECORDS     ~
I _ NRNCY BLRNKENSHIP , COUNTY CLERK '
After R¤¤<>rdi¤a Return T<>= oogtvsozzocaoczusacu ·» us 06/05/2008 03_ I 1 _ 13 pn
GMAC Mortgage, LLC ` ' '
, 4405 E corron CENTER srvn is 0 H'¤T CONN $*·¤'3 PG ,
( Phoenix, AZ 85040 $55.00 $11.00 $10.00 $5.00 I
  ATTN: RICKY LEE
I Until a change is requested, all tax staternerrts
I shall be sent to the following address:
I GMAC Mortgage, LLC l
I P.O. Box 569760
I \ Dallas, TX 75356
  \ Attn; Tax Department
I
I
  [Space Above This Line For Recording Data]  
St3t€ of Oregon FHA Case Number
LOAN NO; 186611307       431~444090—9—703
MIN 1000375-0186611307—1
THIS DEED OF TRUST ("Security Instrument") is made on June 3 , 2008 . .
The grantor is
CYNA COLOMBO
("Borrower"). The trustee is
AmeriTitle
,/ ("Trustee"). The beneficiary is Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. ("MERS"), (solely as nominee
( for Lender, as hereinafter defined, and Lender’s successors and assigns). MERS is organized and existing
  under the laws of Delaware, and has an address and telephone number of P. O. Box 2026, Flint, Ml
  48501-2026, tel. (888)679—MERS.
  GMAC Mortgage, LLC f/k/a GMAC Mortgage Corporation
i 7
  ("Lender") is organized and existing under the laws of Delaware , and has an
address of
1100 Virginia Drive, Fort Washington, PA 19034
Borrower owes Lender the principal sum of
i Two Hundred Fifty Three Thousand Nine Hundred Thirteen and 00/100
  Dollars (U.S. $ 253 , 913 . 00 ). This debt is evidenced by Borrower’s note dated the same
  date as this Security Instrurnerrt ("Note"), which provides for monthly payments, with the full debt, if not paid
earlier, due and payable on July 1 , 2 038 . This Security Instrument secures to
Lender: (a) the repayment of the debt evidenced by the Note, with interest, and all renewals, extensions and
modifications of the Note; (b) the payment of all other sums, with interest, advanced under paragraph 7 to
protect the security of this Security Instrument; and (c) the performance of Borrower’s covenants and
agreements under this Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and
conveys to Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the following described property located in
Deschutes County, Oregon:
FHA oneeom DEED 0r= TRUST - 10/95
GNIAQM - FIVIS.O116.0R(0201)  
Page 1 °f 9 mgmggiter recording, return to Initials: 05l
Amarilitle
15 OREGON AVENUE, BEND

LOT THIRTEEN (13) SOUAW BACK WOODS ADDITION TO INDIAN FORD RANCH HOMES,
RECORDED AUGUST 29, 970, IN BOOK A, PAGE 421, DESCHUTES COUNTY, OREGON.
which has the address of
15652 Tumbleweed Turn, Sisters
[Street, city]
Oregon 97759 ("Property Address");
[Zip Code] ’
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements,
appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and additions shall also
` be covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the
"Property."
Borrower understands and agrees that MERS holds only legal title to the interests granted by Borrower in this
Security Instrument; but, if necessary to comply with law or custom, MERS, (as nominee for Lender and
Lender’s successors and assigns), has the right: to exercise any or all of those interests, including, but not
limited to, the right to foreclose and sell the Property; and to take any action required of Lender including, but
not limited to, releasing or canceling this Security Instrument.
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby conveyed and has the
right to grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of
record. Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands,
subject to any encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non-uniform
covenants with limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real
property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment- of Principal, Interest and Late Charge. Borrower shall pay when due the principal of,
and interest on, the debt evidenced by the Note and late charges due under the Note. .
2. Monthly Payment of Taxes, Insurance, and Other Charges. Borrower shall include in each
monthly payment, together with the principal and interest as set forth in the Note and any late charges, a sum
for (a) taxes and special assessments levied or to be levied against the Property, (b) leasehold payments or
ground rents on the Property, and (c) premiums for insurance required under Paragraph 4. In any year in
which the Lender must pay a mortgage insurance premium to the Secretary of Housing and Urban
Developrnerrt ("Secretary"), or in any year in which such premium would have been required if Lender still
held the Security Instrument, each monthly payment shall also include either: (i) a sum for the amrual
mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the Secretary, or (ii) a monthly charge instead of a
mortgage insurance premium if this Security Instrument is held by the Secretary, in a reasonable amount to be
determined by the Secretary. Except for the monthly charge by the Secretary, these items are called "Escrow
Items" and the sums paid to Lender are called "Escrow Funds."
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold amounts for Escrow Items in an aggregate amount not to
exceed the maximum arrrount that may be required for Borrower’s escrow account under the Real Estate
Settlement Procedures Act of 1974, 12 U.S.C. § 2601 g gi, and implementing regulations, 24 CFR Part
3500, as they may be amended from time to time ("RESPA"), except that the cushion or reserve permitted by
RESPA for unanticipated disbursements or disbursements before the Borrower’s payments are available in the
account may not be based on amounts due for the mortgage insurance premium.
LOAN NO: 1 6611 7
GNIACIVI - F|ViS.§“I ‘I6.0F\? $0201) Page 2 of 9 Initials: ( X A

 
If the amounts held by Lender for Escrow Items exceed the amounts permitted to be held by RESPA,
Lender shall account to Borrower for the excess funds as required by RESPA. If the amounts of funds held by
Lender at any time are not sufficient to pay the Escrow Items when due, Lender may 11otify the Borrower and
require Borrower to make up the shortage as permitted by RESPA.
The Escrow Funds are pledged as additional security for all sums secured by this Security Instrument. If
Borrower tenders to Lender the firll payment of all such sums, Borrower’s account shall be credited with the
balance remaining for all installment items (a), (b), and (c) and any mortgage insurance premium installment
that Lender has not become obligated to pay to the Secretary, and Lender shall promptly refund any excess
funds to Borrower. Irmnediately prior to a foreclosure sale of the Property or its acquisition by Lender,
Borrower’s account shall be credited with any balance remaining for all installments for items (a), (b), and (c).
3. Application of Payments. All payments under Paragraphs l and 2 shall be applied by Lender as
follows:
  to the mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the Secretary or to the monthly
charge by the Secretary instead of the monthly mortgage insurance premium;
Second, to any taxes, special assessments, leasehold payments or ground rents, and fire, flood and
other hazard insurance premiums, as required;
Third, to interest due under the Note;
Fourth, to amortization of the principal of the Note; and
_   to late charges due under the Note.
4. Fire, Flood and Other Hazard Insurance. Borrower shall insure all improvements on the
Property, whether now in existence or subsequently erected, against any hazards, casualties, and
contingencies, including fire, for which Lender requires insurance. This insurance shall be maintained in the
amounts and for the periods that Lender requires. Borrower shall also insure all improvements on the
Property, whether now in existence or subsequently erected, against loss by floods to the extent required by
the Secretary. All insurance shall be carried with companies approved by Lender. The insurance policies and
any renewals shall be held by Lender and shall include loss payable clauses in favor of, and in a form
acceptable to, Lender.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give Lender immediate notice by mail. Lender may make proof of
loss if not made promptly by Borrower. Each insurance company concerned is hereby authorized and directed
to make payment for sucl1 loss directly to Lender, instead of to Borrower and to Lender jointly. All or any
part of the insurance proceeds may be applied by Lender, at its option, either (a) to the reduction of the
indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument, first to any delinquent amounts applied in the order
in Paragraph 3, and then to prepayment of principal, or (b) to the restoration or repair of the damaged
Property. Any application of the proceeds to the principal shall not extend or postpone the due date of the
monthly payments which are referred to in Paragraph 2, or change the amount of such payments. Any excess
insurance proceeds over an amount required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the Note and this
Security Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
In the event of foreclosure of this Security Instrument or other transfer of title to the Property that
extinguishes the indebtedness, all right, title and interest of Borrower in and to insurance policies in force shall
pass to the purchaser.
5. Occupancy, Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Borrower’s Loan
Application; Leaseholds. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower’s principal
residence within sixty days after the execution of this Security Instrument (or within sixty days of a later sale
or transfer of the Property) and shall continue to occupy the Property as Borrower’s principal residence for at
least one year after the date of occupancy, unless the Lender determines that requirement will cause undue
hardship for Borrower, or unless extenuating circumstances exist which are beyond Borrower’s control.
Borrower shall notify Lender of any extenuating circumstances. Borrower shall not commit waste or destroy,
damage or substantially change the Property or allow the Property to deteriorate, reasonable wear and tear
excepted. Lender may inspect the Property if the Property is vacant or abandoned or the loan is in default.
Lender may take reasonable action to protect and preserve such vacant or abandoned Property. Borrower shall
LOAN NO; 186611307 CL
GNIACNI - FlVlS.O116.0R (0201) Page 3 of 9 Initials:

 
also be in default if Borrower, during the loan application process, gave materially false or inaccurate
information or statements to Lender (or failed to provide Lender with any material information) in connection
with the loan evidenced by the Note, including, but not limited to, representations concerning Borrower’s ,
occupancy of the Property as a principal residence. If this Security Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower
shall comply with the provisions of the lease. If Borrower acquires fee title to the Property, the leasehold and
fee title shall not be merged unless Lender agrees to the merger in writing.
6. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, in
cormectiorr with any condemnation or other taking of any part of the Property, or for conveyance in place of
condemnation, are hereby assigned and shall be paid to Lender to the extent of the full amount of the
indebtedness that remains unpaid under the Note and this Security Instrument. Lender shall apply such
proceeds to the reduction of the indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument, first to any
delinquent arnourrts applied in the order provided in Paragraph 3, and then to prepayment of principal. Any
application of the proceeds to the principal shall not extend or postpone the due date of the monthly payments,
which are referred to in Paragraph 2, or change the amount of such payments. Any excess proceeds over an
arrrourrt required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument shall be paid
to the entity legally entitled thereto.
7. Charges to Borrower and Protection of Lender’s Rights in the Property. Borrower shall pay all
goverrnnental or rrrunicipal charges, fines and irnpositions that are not included in Paragraph 2. Borrower shall
pay these obligations on time directly to the entity wfrich is owed the payment. If failure to pay would
adversely affect Lender’s interest in the Property, upon Lender’s request Borrower shall pronrptly furnish to
Lender receipts evidencing these paynrents.
If Borrower fails to make these payments or the payments required by Paragraph 2, or fails to perform
any other covenants and agreernerrts corrtairred in this Security Instrument, or there is a legal proceeding that
may significantly affect Lender’s rights in the Property (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, for condenmatiorr
or to enforce laws or regulations), then Lender may do and pay whatever is necessary to protect the value of
the Property and Lender’s rights in the Property, including payment of taxes, hazard insurance and other iterrrs
rrrentioned in Paragraph 2.
Any arnourrts disbursed by Lender under this Paragraph shall become an additional debt of Borrower and
be secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest from the date of disbursenrent at the
Note rate, and at the option of Lender shall be immediately due and payable. .
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument unless
Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable to
Lender; (b) contests in good faith the lien by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings
wlriclr in the Lender’s opinion operate to prevent the enforcement of the lien; or (c) secures from the holder of
the lien an agreernerrt satisfactory to Lender subordinating the lien to this Security Instrument. lf Lender
determines that any part of the Property is subject to a lien which may attain priority over this Security
Irrstrurnerrt, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying the lien. Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take
one or more of the actions set forth above within 10 days of the giving of notice. i
8. Fees. Lender may collect fees and charges authorized by the Secretary.
9. Grounds for Acceleration of Debt.
(a) Default. Lender may, except as limited by regulations issued by the Secretary in the case of
payrnerrt defaults, require irmnediate payment in full of all sunrs secured by this Security Instrument
if:
(i) Borrower defaults by failing to pay in full any monthly payment required by this Security
Instrurnerrt prior to or on the due date of the next nronthly payment, or
(ii) Borrower defaults by failing, for a period of thirty days, to perform any other obligations
corrtairred in this Security Instrument.
LOAN NO; 186611307
GNIACIVI-FlVlS.O116.0R (0201) Page 4 of 9 Initials: i é [

 
I
(b) Sale Without Credit Approval. Lender shall, if permitted by applicable law (including section
34l(d) of the Garn—St Germain Depository Institutions Act of 1982, 12 U.S.C. l70lj-3(d)) and with
the prior approval of the Secretary, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this
Security Instrument if:
(i) All or part of the Property, or a beneficial interest in a trust owning all or part of the
Property, is sold or otherwise transferred (other than by devise or descent), and
(ii) The Property is not occupied by the purchaser or grantee as his or her principal residence, or
the purchaser or grantee does so occupy the Property, but his or her credit has not been
approved in accordance with the requirements of the Secretary.
(c) No Waiver. If circumstances occur that would permit Lender to require irmnediate payment in
full, but Lender does not require such payments, Lender does not waive its rights with respect to
subsequent events.
(d) Regulations of HUD Secretary. In many circumstances regulations issued by the Secretary will
limit Lender’s rights, in the case of payment defaults, to require immediate payment in full and
foreclose if not paid. This Security Instrument does not authorize acceleration or foreclosure if not
permitted by regulations of the Secretary.
(e) Mortgage Not Insured. Borrower agrees that if this Security Instrument and the Note are not
determined to be eligible for insurance under the National Housing Act within sixty (60) days from
  the date hereof, Lender may, at its option require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by
l this Security Instrument. A written statement of any authorized agent of the Secretary dated
  subsequent to sixty (60) days from the date hereof, declining to insure this Security Instrument and
the Note, shall be deemed conclusive proof of such ineligibility. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this option may not be exercised by Lender when the unavailability of insurance is solely due to
Lender’s failure to remit a mortgage insurance premium to the Secretary.
10. Reinstatement. Borrower has a right to be reinstated if Lender has required irmnediate payment in
full because of Borrower’s failure to pay an amount due under the Note or this Security Instrument. This right
applies even after foreclosure proceedings are instituted. To reinstate the Security Instrument, Borrower shall
tender in a lump sum all amounts required to bring Borrower’s account current including, to the extent they
are obligations of Borrower under this Security Instrument, foreclosure costs and reasonable and customary
attorney’s fees and expenses properly associated with the foreclosure proceeding. Upon reinstatement by
Borrower, this Security Instrument and the obligations that it secures shall remain in effect as if Lender had
not required irmnediate payment in full. However, Lender is not required to permit reinstatement if: (i) Lender
has accepted reinstatement after the commencement of foreclosure proceedings within two years irnrnediately
preceding the commencement of a current foreclosure proceeding, (ii) reinstatement will preclude foreclosure
on different grounds in the future, or (iii) reinstatement will adversely affect the priority of the lien created by
this Security Instrument.
11. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time of
payment or modification of amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender to
airy successor in interest of Borrower shall 1lOt operate to release the liability of the original Borrower or
Borrower’s successor in interest. Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against any successor
in interest or refuse to extend time for payment or otherwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this
Security Instrument by reason of any demand made by the original Borrower or Borrower’s successors in
interest. Any forbearance by Lender i11 exercising any right or remedy shall not be a waiver of or preclude the
exercise of any right or remedy.
12. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Co-Signers. The covenants and
agreements of this Security Instrument shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender and
Borrower, subject to the provisions of Paragraph 9(b). Borrower’s covenants and agreements shall be joint
LOAN NO: 186611307  
GIVIACNI — FNlS.O116.0R (0201) Page 5 of 9 Initials:

 
and several. Any Borrower who co-signs this Security Instrument but does not execute the Note: (a) is
co·signing this Security Instrument only to mortgage, grant and convey that Borrower’s interest in the
Property under the terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not personally obligated to pay the sums secured
by this Security Instmment; and (c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower may agree to extend, modify,
forbear or make any acconmiodations with regard to the terms of this Security Instrument or the Note without
that Borrower’s consent.
13. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by
delivering it or by mailing it by first class mail unless applicable law requires use of another method. The
notice shall be directed to the Property Address or any other address Borrower designates by notice to Lender.
Any notice to Lender shall be given by first class mail to Lender’s address stated herein or any address Lender
designates by notice to Borrower. Any notice provided for in this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have
been given to Borrower or Lender when given as provided in this paragraph.
1.4. Governing Law; Severability. This Security Instrument shall be governed by Federal law and the
law of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. In the event that any provision or clause of this
Security Instrument or the Note conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions of
this Security Instmment or the Note which can be given effect without the conflicting provision. To this end
the provisions of this Security Instrument and the Note are declared to be severable.
15. Borrower’s Copy. Borrower shall be given one conformed copy of the Note and this Security
Instiinnent.
16. Hazardous Substances. Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or
release of any Hazardous Substances on or in the Property. Borrower shall not do, nor allow anyone else to
do, anything affecting the Property that is in violation of any Enviromnental Law. The preceding two
sentences shall not apply to the presence, use, or storage on the Property of small quantities of Hazardous
Substances that are generally recognized to be appropriate to normal residential uses and to maintenance of the
Property.
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of any investigation, claim, demand, lawsuit or other
action by any governmental or regulatory agency or private party involving the Property and any Hazardous
Substance or Envirornnental Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge. If Borrower learns, or is notified
by any governmental or regulatory authority, that any removal or other remediation of any Hazardous
Substances affecting the Property is necessary, Borrower shall promptly take all necessary remedial actions in
accordance with Envirornnental Law.
As used in this Paragraph 16, "Hazardous Substances", are those substances defined as toxic or hazardous
substances by Environmental Law and the following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flannnable or toxic
petroleum products, toxic pesticides and herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or
formaldehyde, and radioactive materials. As used in the Paragraph I6, "Enviromnental Law" means federal
laws and laws of the jurisdiction where the Property is located that relate to health, safety or envirornnental
protection.
NON-UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
17. Assignment of Rents. Borrower unconditionally assigns and transfers to Lender all the rents and
revenues of the Property. Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender’s agents to collect the rents and revenues and
hereby directs each tenant of the Property to pay the rents to Lender or Lender’s agents. However, prior to
Lender’s notice to Borrower of Borrower’s breach of any covenant or agreement in the Security lnstmment,
Borrower shall collect and receive all rents and revenues of the Property as trustee for the benefit of Lender
and Borrower. This assigmnent of rents constitutes an absolute assigmnent and not an assigmnent for
additional security o11ly.
LOAN NO: 186611307 ‘ C0
GIVIACIVI - F|VIS.O116.0R (0201) Page 6 of 9 Initials:

If Lender gives notice of breach to Borrower: (a) all rents received by Borrower shall be held by
Borrower as trustee for benefit of Lender only, to be applied to the sums secured by the Security Instrument;
(b) Lender shall be entitled to collect and receive all of the rents of the Property; and (c) each tenant of the
Property shall pay all rents due and unpaid to Lender or Lender’s agent on Lender’s written demand to the
tenant.
Borrower has 1101 executed any prior assigrnnent of the rents and has not and will not perform any act that
would prevent Lender from exercising its rights under this Paragraph 17.
Lender shall not be required to enter upon, take control of or maintain the Property before or after giving
notice of breach to Borrower. However, Lender or a judicially appointed receiver may do so at any time there I
is a breach. Any application of rents shall not cure or waive any default or invalidate any other right or  
remedy of Lender. This assignment of rents of the Property shall terminate when the debt secured by the
Security Instrument is paid in full.
  18. Foreclosure Procedure. lf Lender requires immediate payment in full under paragraph 9, Lender
A may invoke the power of sale and any other remedies permitted by applicable law. Lender shall be entitled to
collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided in this paragraph 18, including, but not limited
to, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of title evidence.
If Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall execute or cause Trustee to execute a written notice of
the occurrence of an event of default and of Lender’s election to cause the Property to be sold and shall cause
such notice to be recorded in each county in which any part of the Property is located. Lender or Trustee shall
give notice of sale in the rnarmer prescribed by applicable law to Borrower and to other persons prescribed by
applicable law. After the time required by applicable law, Trustee, without demand on Borrower, shall sell the
Property at public auction to the highest bidder at the time and place and under the terms designated in the
notice of sale in one or more parcels and in any order Trustee determines. Trustee may postpone sale of all or
any parcel of the Property by public amrouncemerrt at the time and place of any previously scheduled sale.
Lender or its designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee’s deed conveying the Property without any covenant or
warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee’s deed shall be prima facie evidence of the truth of
the statements rrrade therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the following order: (a) to all
expenses of the sale, including, but not limited to, reasonable Trustee’s and attorr1eys’ fees; (b) to all sums
secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) any excess to the person or persons legally entitled to it.
If the Lender’s interest in this Security Instrument is held by the Secretary and the Secretary requires
irmnediate payment in full under Paragraph 9, the Secretary may invoke the nonjudicial power of sale
provided in the Single Family Mortgage Foreclosure Act of 1994 ("Act") (12 U.S.C. 3751 q gl.) by
requesting a foreclosure comrnissiorrer designated under the Act to commence foreclosure and to sell the
Property as provided in the Act. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall deprive the Secretary of airy rights
otherwise available to a Lender under this Paragraph 18 or applicable law.
19. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall request
Trustee to reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security Instrument and all notes evidencing debt
secured by this Security lrrstrurrrerrt to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the Property without warranty and
without charge to the person or persons legally entitled to it. Such person or persons shall pay any recordation
costs.
20. Substitute Trustee. Lender may from tinre to time remove Trustee and appoint a successor trustee
to airy Trustee appointed lrereurrder. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor trustee shall succeed to
all the title, power and duties conferred upon Trustee herein and by applicable law.
21. Attorney’s Fees. As used in this Security Instrument and in the Note, "attorneys’ fees" shall
include any attorneys’ fees awarded by an appellate court.
LOAN NO; 186611307  
GIVIACNI - FMS.O116.0R (0201) Page 7 of 9 Initials: '

 
l
• i
Riders to this Security Instrument. If o11e or more riders are executed by Borrower and recorded 1
together with this Security Iiistmment, the covenants of each such rider shall be incorporated i11to and shall
amend and supplement the covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument as if the rider(s) were a part
of this Security lnstmment. [Check applicable box(es)]
iiiCondominium Rider i;iAdjustable Rate Rider i—;iGrowing Equity Rider
Ei Planned Unit Development Rider i;iGraduated Payment Rider iiiOther(s) [specify]
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms contained in this Security Instrument
and in any rider(s) executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
Witnesses: .
.1;_______________   (sean
GYM ¤1¤mb¤ A -B0mw
  (Seal)
. ·Borrower
  (Seal)
-Borrower
  (Seal)
·B0rr0wer
 
LOAN NO; 186611307
GNIACNI - FNlS.O‘l16.0R (0201) Page 8 of 9

D6 Selmer Ie?
STATE OF OREGON, County ss:
On this Ll day of J   C ,   , personally appeared
the above named
a11d acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be   U voluntary act aud deed.
Before me:
MY COUUU.lSSlO11 Expires;   - 2   I
(Oftieial Seal) ·   rg.;
Notary Public for Oregon
 ~. \ J   ¤ as  Q  ~ · .·~        
   sk OFFICIAL SEAI,  
~ f wg SHELLEV MARSH  
   ‘»g;;e¤;   Nomnv I=uaI.Ic-oneoom »:
2;. \,.·;/ COMMISSION NO. 418664  
7, MY COMMISSICZIH EXPIRES JU Y2.2 2 11  ,_
LOAN N0; 186611307 S 0
GIVIACIVI - I=IvIs.o1 16.012 (0201) page 9 of 9 moans;  

FHA Case Nu111ber
431—444090—9—703
PLANNED UNIT DEVELOPMENT RIDER
THIS PLANNED UNIT DEVELOPMENT RIDER is made this 3rd ' day of
June , 2008 , a11d is i11corporated into a11d shall be deemed to 3II1€I1d and supple1ne11t
the Mortgage, Deed of Trust or Security Deed ("Security Instrument") of tl1e same date given by the
undersigned ("Borrower") to secure Borrower’s Note ("Note") to
GMAC Mortgage, LLC f/k/a GMAC Mortgage Corporation
("Lender") of UIC same date and covering tl1e Property described in the Security Instrument a11d located at:
15652 Tumbleweed Turn
Sisters, OR 97759
[Property Address]
The Property Address is a part of a planned unit development ("PUD") known as:
Squaw Back Woods Addition
[Name of Planned Unit Development]
PUD COVENANTS. In addition to UIC covenants and agreements made in tl1e Security Instrument,
Borrower and Lender further covenant a11d agree as follows:
A. So lo11g as the Owners Association (or equivalent entity holding title to common areas and
facilities), acting as trustee for tl1e homeowners, maintains, with a generally accepted insurance
carrier, a "n1aster" or "blanket" policy insuring the property located in the PUD, including all
improvements 11ow existing or hereafter erected 011 the mortgaged premises, and such policy is
satisfactory to Lender and provides insurance coverage in the amounts, for the periods, and against
the hazards Lender requires, including fire and other hazards included within the term "extended
coverage", Zllld loss by flood, to tl1e extent required by UIC Secretary, then: (i) Lender waives tl1e
provision in Paragraph 2 of this Security Instiument for [116 monthly payment to Lender of
o11e—twelftl1 of tl1e yearly premium installments for hazard insurance on tl1e Property, a11d (ii)
Borrower’s obligation under Paragraph 4 of this Security Instrument to maintain hazard insurance
coverage 011 the Property is deemed satisfied to [116 extent tl1at the required coverage is provided by
the OWIICIS Association policy. Borrower shall give Lender prompt 11otice of any lapse in required
hazard insura11ce coverage a11d of any loss occurring from a hazard. In tl1e event of a distribution of
hazard insurance proceeds in lieu of restoration or repair following a loss to the
LOAN NO; 186611307
FHA IVIULTISTATE PLANNED UNIT DEVELOPMENT RIDER - 10/95 1
GMACM - FRIvI.0123.PUD 197041 422887848
Page 1 of 2 Initials: CL

I, s
Property or to the common areas and facilities of the PUD, any proceeds payable to Borrower are
hereby assigned and shall be paid to Lender for application to the sun1s secured by this Security
Instrument, with any excess paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
B. Borrower promises to pay all dues and assessments imposed pursuant to the legal instruments creating
and governing the PUD.
C. lf Borrower does not pay PUD dues and assessments when due, then Lender may pay them. Any
amounts disbursed by Lender under this paragraph C shall become additional debt of Borrower secured
by the Security Instrument. Unless Borrower and Lender agree to other terms of payment, these
amounts shall bear interest frorrr the date of disbursement at the Note rate and shall be payable, with
interest, upon notice from Lender to Borrower requesting payment.
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and provisions contained in this PUD
Rider.
(Seal)
Gym I ¤1¤r¤b¤ -Bmwcr
(Seal)
—Borrower
(Seal)
· -Borrower
(Seal)
-Borrower
V LOAN NO; 186611307
FHA IVIULTISTATE PLANNED UNIT DEVELOPNIENT RIDER - 10/95
GI\/IACNI - FRNI.0123.PUD (9704)
Page 2 of 2

