I  
DESCHUTES COUNTY OFFICIFIL RECORDS
_ , NHNCY BLRNKENSHIP, COUNTY CLERK  
$61.00
4.. ¢.Ot.a..1m..a IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
. . ¤  8173172 0B0 241 7 070 77
Until a change is r uested all tax statements       .    
shallbesent to the following address. H_DT cna; s`_n=1 BN ' '
$*;*3 §,*§,§§§‘§§§"§t§§§g2" $as.00 $11.00 $10.00 $8.00
Simi Valley CF, 93065 ·
WHEN RECORDE]D RETURN TO:
JANE DOCMAN
MS sv—79 DOCU ENT PROCESSING
1> .O.Box 10423
Van Nuys, CA 91410-0423
Prepared By:
(X SANDI R. MORIARTY ~
TAX ACCOUN'I` NUMBER
102144 '
[Space Above This Line For Recording Data]  
OR43144378 8703 7069—1233968 O0019338674005008
[Case 3} [Escrow/Closing 9] [Doc ID 1}]
State of Oregon   F FHA Case No.
ED O   0R4314437808703
MIN 1001337—O003204245-2
THIS DEED OF TRUST ("Security Instrument") is made on MAY 29, 2008 . 'I‘he Grantor is
MICHAEL BRYA T, AND FENYA BRYANT, AS TENANTS BY THE ENTIRETY
("Borrower"). The trustee is
FIDELTIY NAT ONAL TITLE INSURANCE C0.
PO BOX 32695, PHOENIX, AZ 85064
("Trustee"). The beneficiary is Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. ("MERS"), (solely as nominee for Lender,
as hereinafter defined, and Lender's successors and assigns). MERS is organized and existing under the laws of
Delaware, and has an address and telephone number of P.O. Box 2026, Flint, MI 48501-2026, tel. (888) 679-MERS.
COUNTRYWIDE l%ANK, FSB ,
("Lender") is orgariized and existing under the laws of THE`. UNITED STATES , and has an address of
1199 North Fairfax St . Ste. 500, Alexandria, VA 22314 .
Borrower owes Lender the principal sum of
TWO HUNDRED ITINE THOUSAND NINETY and 00/100
Dollars (`U.S. S 2 0 9 , 0 90 . 0 0 ). This debt is evidenced by Borr0wer’s note dated the same date as this Security
Instrument ("Note'), which provides for monthly payments, with the full debt, if not paid earlier, due and payable
on JULY 01, 2038 . This Security Instrument secures to Lender (a) the repayment of the debt
evidenced by the Note, with interest, and all renewals, extensions and modifications of the Note; (b) the payment of all
other sums, with interest, advanced under paragraph 7 to protect the security of this Security Instrument; and (c) the
performance of B0{¤)rrower's covenants and agreements under this Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose,
Borrower irrevocal ly grants and conveys to the Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the following described property
located in DESCIIUTES County, Oregon:
SEE EXHIBIT "A" ATTACHED HERETO AND MADE A PART HEREOF .
‘ ' DOCUMENT POOR QUALITY _
‘ AT TIME OF RECORDING
‘ l FHA Oregon Deed Tr Trust wlth MERS - 4l96 I
IMERS FHA D d 1T 1-OR '
2004N-OR (15g7)? laws P¤0¤ I <>f 6 *"‘°""°'* 2’°°
I
IIIIIIIIIIIII   IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
r recordin return to:  
*23891* AHgirStAmGdgannt|g ‘1933867400000O2004N'
395 SW Bluff Drive, Suite 100
Bend, OR 97702

 
CASE #: OR4314437808703 DOC ID #: 00019338674005008
which has the address of
51495 JORY RD, LA PINE ,
· {sneer, city]
Oregon 97 7 3 9- 95 94 ("Property Address");
. [Zip Code]
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements,
appurtenances and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and additions shall also be covered
by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the "Property." Borrower
understands and agrees that MERS holds only legal title to the interests granted by Borrower in this Security Instrument;
but, if necessary to comply with law or custom, MERS, (as nominee for Lender and Lender's successors and assigns), has
the right: to exercise any or all of those interests, including, but not limited to, the right to foreclose and sell the Property;
and to take any action required of Lender including, but not limited to, releasing or canceling this Security Instrument.
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seized of the estate hereby conveyed and has the right to
grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of record.
Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands, subject to any
encumbrances of record. '
THIS SECURI'I`Y INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non—uniforrn covenants with
limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real property.
Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
UNIFORM COVENANTS.
1. Payment of Principal, Interest and Late Charge. Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and interest
on, the debt evidenced by the Note and late charges due under the Note.
2. Monthly Payment of Tax =~·  Insurance and Other Charges. Borrower shall include in each monthly
payment, together with the principal and interest as.set forth in the Note and any late charges, a sum for (a) taxes and
special assessments levied or to be levied against the Property, (b) leasehold payments or ground rents on the Property,
and (c) premiums for insurance required under paragraph 4. In any year in which the Lender must pay a mortgage
insurance premium to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development ("Secretary"), or in any year in which such
premium would have been required if Lender still held the Security Instrument,~each monthly payment shall also include
either: (i) a sum for the annual mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the Secretary, or (ii) a monthly
charge instead of a mortgage insurance premium if this Security Instrument is held by the Secretary, in a reasonable
amount to be determined by the Secretary. Except for the monthly charge by the Secretary, these items are called
"Escrow Items" and the sums paid to Lender are called "Escrow Funds."
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold amounts for Escrow Items in an aggregate amount DOI to exceed the
maximum amount that may be required for Borrower's escrow account under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act
of 1974, 12 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq. and implementing regulations, 24 CFR Part 3500, as they may be amended from
time to time ("RESPA"), except that the cushion or reserve permitted by RESPA for unanticipated disbursements or
disbursements before the Borrower‘s payments are available in the account may not be based on amounts due for the
mortgage insurance premium.
If the amounts held by Lender for Escrow Items exceed the amounts permitted to be held by RESPA, Lender shall
account to Borrower for the excess funds as required by RESPA. If the amounts of funds held by Lender at any time are
not sufficient to pay the Escrow Items when due, Lender may notify the Borrower and require Borrower to make up the
shortage as permitted by RESPA. ·
The Escrow Funds are pledged as additional security for all sums secured by this Security Instrument. lf Borrower "
tenders to Lender the full payment of all such sums, Bon·ower's account shall be credited with the balance remaining for
· all installment items (a), (b), and (c) and any mortgage insurance premium installment that Lender has not become
obligated to pay to the Secretary, and Lender shall promptly refund any excess funds to Borrower. Immediately prior to a
foreclosure sale of the Property or its acquisition by Lender, Borrower‘s account shall be credited with any balance
remaining for all installments for items (a), (b), and (c). ·
3. Application of Payments. All payments under paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be applied by Lender as follows:
Egt, to the mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the Secretary or to the monthly charge by the
Secretary instead of the monthly mortgage insurance premium;
Secgnd, to any taxes, special assessments, leasehold payments or ground rents, and fire, flood and other hazard
insurance premiums, as required;
 , to interest due under the Note;
Fourg, to amortization of the principal of the Note; and
@, to late charges due under the Note.
4. Fire, Flood and Other Hazard Insurance. Borrower shall insure all improvements on the Property, whether
now in existence or subsequently erected, against any hazards, casualties, and contingencies, including fire, for which
Lender requires insurance. This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts and for the periods that Lender requires. _
Borrower shall also insure all improvements on the Property, whether now in existence or subsequently erected, against
loss by floods to the extent required by the Secretary. All insurance shall be carried with companies approved by Lender.
The insurance policies and any renewals shall be held by Lender and shall include loss payable clauses in favor of, and in
a form acceptable to, Lender. _ _
A In the event of loss, Borrower shall give Lender immediate notice by mail. Lender may make proof of loss if not -
made promptly by Borrower. Each insurance company concerned is hereby authorized and directed to make payment for
such loss directly to Lender, instead of to Borrower and to Lender jointly. All or any part of the insurance proceeds may
be applied by Lender, at its option, either (a) to the reduction of the indebtedness under the Note and this Secunty
, Instrument, first to any delinquent amounts applied in the order in paragraph 3, and then to prepayment. of principal,
or (b) to the restoration or repair of the damaged Property. Any application of the proceeds to the principal shall not
extend or postpone the due date of the monthly payments which are referred to in paragraph 2, or change the amount of
  MERS FHA Deed ot!Trust-OR .
2004N-OR (11/07) I " Page 2 of 6

 
CASE #: OR4314437808703 DOC ID #: O0019338674005008
such payments. Any excess insurance proceeds over an QIIIOHIII required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the
Note and this Security Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
ln the event of foreclosure of this Security Instrument or other transfer of title to the Property that extinguishes the
indebtedness, all right, title and interest of Borrower in and to insurance policies in force shall pass to the purchaser.
5. Occupancy, Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Borrower’s Loan Application;
Leaseholds. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower°s principal residence within sixty days
after the execution of this Security Instrument (or within sixty days of a later sale or transfer of the Property) and shall
continue to occupy the Property as Borrower's principal residence for at least one year after the date of occupancy, unless
Lender determines that requirement will cause undue hardship for Borrower, or unless extenuating circumstances exist
which are beyond Borrower‘s control. Borrower shall notify Lender of any extenuating circumstances. Borrower shall
not commit waste or destroy, damage or substantially change the Property or allow the Property to deteriorate, reasonable
wear and tear excepted. Lender may inspect the Property if the Property is vacant or abandoned or the loan is in default.
Lender may take reasonable action to protect and preserve such vacant or abandoned Property. Borrower shall also be in
default if Borrower, during the loan application process, gave materially false or inaccurate information or statements to
Lender (or failed to provide Lender with any material information) in connection with the loan evidenced by the Note,
including, but not limited to, representations conceming Borrower‘s occupancy of the Property as a principal residence.
lf this Security Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply with the provisions of the lease. If Borrower acquires
fee title to the Property, the leasehold and fee title shall not be merged unless Lender agrees to the merger in writing.
6. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, in connection with
any condemnation or other taking of any part of the Property, or for conveyance in place of condemnation, are hereby
assigned and shall be paid to Lender to the extent of the full amount of the indebtedness that remains unpaid under the
Note and this Security Instrument. Lender shall apply such proceeds to the reduction of the indebtedness under the Note
and this Security Instnrment, firstto any delinquent amounts applied in the order provided in paragraph 3, and then to
prepayment of principal. Any application of the proceeds to the principal shall not extend or postpone the due date of the
monthly payments, which are referred to in paragraph 2, or change the amount of such payments. Any excess proceeds
over an amotmt required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument shall be paid to
I the entity legally entitled thereto.
7. Charges to Borrower and Protection of Lender's Rights in the Property. Borrower shall pay all
‘ govemmental or municipal charges, fines and impositions that are not included in paragraph 2. Borrower shall pay these
obligations on time directly to the entity which is owed the payment. If failure to pay would adversely affect
Lender's interest in the Property, upon Lender's request Borrower shall promptly fumish to Lender receipts evidencing
these payments. _
lf Borrower fails to make these payments or the payments required by paragraph 2, or fails to perform any other
covenants and agreements contained in this Security Instrument, or there is a legal proceeding that may significantly
. affect Lender's rights in the Property (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, for condemnation or to enforce laws or
regulations), then Lender may do and pay whatever is necessary to protect the value of the Property and Lender's rights in
the Property, including payment of taxes, hazard insurance and other items mentioned in paragraph 2. V
Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this paragraph shall become an additional debt of Borrower and be secured
by this Security Instrument. These amormts shall bear interest from the date of disbursement, at the Note rate, and at the
option of Lender, shall be immediately due and payable.
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument unless Borrower:
(a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable to Lender; (b) contests in
good faith the lien by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings which in the Lender's opinion
operate to prevent the enforcement of the lien; or (c) secures from the holder of the lien an agreement satisfactory to
Lender subordinating the lien to this Security Instrument. If Lender determines that any part of the Property is subject to a
lien which may attain priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying the lien.
Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take one or more of the actions set forth above within 10 days of the giving of notice.
8. Fees. Lender may collect fees and charges authorized by the Secretary.
9. Grounds for Acceleration of Debt. t ,
(a) Default. Lender may, except as limited by regulations issued by the Secretary, in the case of payment
defaults, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument if:
(i) Borrower defaults by failing to pay in full any monthly payment required by this Security
Instrument prior to or on the due date of the next monthly payment, or
(ii) Borrower defaults by failing, for a period of thirty days, to perform any other obligations contained
in this Security Instrument.
(b) Sale Without Credit Approval. Lender shall, if permitted by applicable law (including Section 34l(d)
of the Gam-St. Germain Depository Institutions Act of 1982, 12 U.S.C. 170lj-3(d)) and with the prior approval
of the Secretary, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument if:
(i) All or part of the Property, or a beneficial interest in a trust owning all or part of the Property, is sold
or otherwise transferred (other than by devise or descent), and
- (ii) The Property is not occupied by the purchaser or grantee as his or her principal residence, or the
purchaser or grantee does so occupy the Property but his or her credit has not been approved in
accordance with the requirements of the Secretary.
A (c) No Waiver. If circumstances occur that would permit Lender to require immediate payment in full, but
Lender does not require such payments, Lender does not waive its rights with respect to subsequent events. ' '
(d) Regulations of HUD Secretary. In many circumstances regulations issued by the Secretary will limit
Lender's rights, in the case of payment defaults, to require immediate payment in full and foreclose if not paid.
’I`his Security Instrument does not authorize acceleration or foreclosure if not permitted by regulations of the
Secre .
(e) tlillrtilrtgage Not Insured. Borrower agrees that if this Security_Instrument and the Note are not determined
to be eligible for insurance under the National Housing Act within 60 days from the date hereof, Lender may, at
its option, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument. A wntten statement
MERS FHA Deed ot`Trust·OFl
r zoom-on (11/07) F’¤¤¤ 3 ¤* 6 ·

 
CASE #: 0R431443'7808703   DOC ID #: 00019338674005008
of any authorized agent of the Secretary dated subsequent to 60 days from the date hereof declining to insure this
Security Instrument and the Note, shall be deemed conclusive proof of such ineligibility. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, this optionlmay not be exercised by Lender when the unavailability of insurance is solely due to
t Lender‘s failure to remrt a mortgage insurance premium to the Secretary.
bccaug;.Ofl;e;rts>t:;r:ir;ltim;3::)uo;¢er hasn a rigljrt to bg reinstated if Lender has required immediate. payment in full
after forcclowm i p yéan a ourr ue un er the _Note or this Security Instrument. Thrs right applies even
. • pr ngs are instituted. To reinstate the Security Instrument, Borrower shall tender rn a lump sum all
    to bring Borrower's account current including, to the extent they are obligations of Borrower under this
_ . ent, foreclosure costs and. reasonable and customary attomeys' fees and expenses properly associated
with the foreclosure proceeding. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security Instrument and the obligations that it
secures shall remain in effect as if Lender had not required immediate payment in full. However, Lender is not required
to. permit reinstatement if: (i) Lender ha.s accepted reinstatement after the commencement of foreclosure proceedings
wrthrn two years immediately preceding the commencement of a current foreclosure proceeding, (ii) reinstatement will
£1r;;1ge>;o5‘eglgg2;eigrrItiigtgggngrounds in the future, or (iii) reinstatement will adversely affect the priority of the lien
11. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time of payment or
modification of amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender to any successor in
interest of Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of the original Borrower or Borrower's successor in interest.
Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against any successor in interest or refuse to extend time for
payment or otherwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any demand
made by the original Borrower or Borrower's successors in interest. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or
remedy shall not be a waiver of or precludegthe exercise of any right or remedy.
12. Successors and Asslgns Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Co-Slgners. The covenants and agreements of
this Security Instrument shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender and Borrower, subject to the
provisions of paragraph 9(b). Borrower's covenants and agreements shall be joint and several. Any Borrower who
co-signs this Security Instrument but does not execute the Note: (a) is co—signing this Security Instrument only to
mortgage, grant and convey that Borrower's interest in the Property under the terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not .
personally obligated to pay the sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) agrees that Lender and any other
Borrower may agree to extend, modify, forbear or make any accommodations with regard to the terms of this Security
4 Instrument or the Note without that Borrower's consent ,
13. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by delivering it or by
mailing it by first class mail unless applicable law requires use of another method. The notice shall be directed to the
Property Address or any other address Borrower designates by notice to Lender. Any notice to Lender shall be given by
first class mail to Lender‘s address stated herein or any address Lender designates by notice to Borrower. Any notice
provided for in this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower or Lender when given as
provided in this paragraph.
`I4. Governing Law; Severability. 'I`his Security Instrument shall be govemed by Federal law and the law of the
jurisdiction in which the Property is located. ln the event that any provision or clause of this Security Instrument or the
Note conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or the Note
whichjcan be given effect without the conflicting provision. To this end the provisions of this Security Instrument and the
Note are declared to be severable.
· 15. Borrower's Copy. Borrower shall be given one conformed copy of the Note and of this Security Instmment.
16. Hazardous Substances. Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or release of
any Hazardous Substances on or in the Property. Borrower shall not do, nor allow anyone else to do, anything affecting
the Property that is in violation of any Environmental Law. The preceding two sentences shall not apply to the presence,
use, or storage on the Property of small quantities of Hazardous Substances that are generally recognized to be
appropriate to normal residential uses and to maintenance of the Property.
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of any investigation, claim, demand, lawsuit or other action by
any governmental or regulatory agency or private pany involving the Property and any Hazardous Substance or
Environmental Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge. If Borrower leams, or is notified by any governmental or
regulatory authority, that any removal or other remediation of any Hazardous Substances affecting the Propeny is
necessary, Borrower shall promptly take all necessary remedial actions in accordance with Environmental Law.
As used in this paragraph 16, "Hazardous Substances" are those substances defined as toxic or hazardous substances
by Environmental Law and the following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or toxic petroleum products,
toxic pesticides and herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or formaldehyde, and radioactive
materials. As used in this paragraph 16, "Environmental Law" means federal laws and laws of the jurisdiction where the
Property is located that relate to health, safety or environmental protection. A
NON-UNIFORM COVENAN’I`S. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows: . .
17. Assignment of Rents. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower unconditionally assigns and
A transfers to Lender all the rents and revenues of the Propeny. Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender‘s agents to collect
the rents and revenues and hereby directs each tenant of the Property to pay the rents to Lender or Lenders agents.
However, prior to Lender‘s notice to Borrower of Borrower's breach of any covenant or agreement rn the Security
Instmment, Borrower shall collect and receive all rents and revenues of the Property as trustee for the benefit of Lender
and Borrower. This assignment of rents constitutes an absolute assignment and not an assignment for additional secunty
· onl . .
y If Lender gives notice of breach to Borrower: (a) all rents received by Borrower shall be held by Borrower as
trustee for benefit of Lender only, to be applied to the sums secured by the Security Instrument; (b) Lender shall be
entitled to collect and receive all of the rents gf the Propertiy; antl1gc)§]ac:r tenant of the Property shall pay all rents due
an aid to Lender or Lender‘s a cnt on Len er's written eman o e enan .
d uggnower has not executed aiy prior assignment of the rents and has not and will not perform any act that would
prevent Lender from exercising its rights under this paragraph 17.
l MERS FHA Deed of Trust-OR
2004N-OR (11/07) Page 4 of 6
l

 
l
l
I .
CASE #: OR4314437808”/03 DOC ID #: U0O19338674005008
Lender shall not be required to enter upon, take control of or maintain the Property before or after giving notice of
breach to Borrower. However, Lender or a judicially appointed receiver may do so at any time there is a breach.
Any application of rents shall not cure or waive any default or invalidate any other right or remedy of Lender.
· This assignment of rents of the Property shall terminate when the debt secured by the Security Instrument is paid in full.
18. Foreclosure Procedure. If Lender requires Immediate payment ln full under paragraph 9, Lender may
invoke the power of sale and any other remedies permitted by applicable law. Lender shall be entitled to collect all
expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided ln this paragraph 18, including, but not limited to,
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of title evidence.
If Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall execute or cause Trustee to execute a written notice of the
occurrence of an event of default and of Lender's election to cause the Property to be sold and shall cause such
notice to be recorded in each county in which any part of the Property is located. Lender or Trustee shall give
notice of sale ln the manner prescribed by applicable law to Borrower and to other persons prescribed by
applicable law. After the time required by applicable law, Trustee, without demand on Borrower, shall sell the
Property at public auction to the highest bidder at the time and place and under the terms designated in the notice
. of sale in one or more parcels and In any order Trustee determines. Trustee may postpone sale of all or any parcel
of the Property by public announcement at the time and place of any previously scheduled sale. Lender or its
designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee’s deed conveying the Property without any covenant or
warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee’s deed shall be prima facie evidence of the truth of the _
statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the following order: (a) to aH expenses of
. . the sale, including, but not limited to, ifeasonable Trustee’s and attorneys‘ fees; (b) to all sums secured by this
Security Instrument; and (c) any excess to the person or persons legally entitled to lt.
If the Lender's interest in this Securlty Instrument ls held by the Secretary and the Secretary requires
Immediate payment ln full under Paragraph 9, the Secretary may invoke the non judicial power of sale provided ln
the Single Family Mortgage Foreclosure Act of 1994 ("Act") (12 U.S.C. 3751 et seq.) by requesting a foreclosure
commissioner d =~ lgnated under the Act to commence foreclosure and to sell the Property as provided in the Act.
Nothing in the preceding sentence shall deprive the Secretary of any rights otherwise available to a Lender under
this Paragraph 18 or applicable law. 3
19. Release. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall release this Security
Instrument. Borrower shall pay any recordation costs. Lender may charge Borrower a fee for releasing this Security
Instrument, but only if the fee is paid to a third party for services rendered and the charging of the fee is permitted under
applicable law.
20. Substitute Tnistee. Lender may, from time to time, remove Trustee and appoint a successor trustee to any
Trustee appointed hereunder. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor trustee shall succeed to all the title,
` power and duties conferred upon Trustee herein and by applicable law.
21. -Attorneys' Fees. As used in this Security Insuument and in the Note, "attomeys fees" shall include any
attomeys' fees awarded by an appellate court.
MERS FHA Deed of Trust-OR
zomnon (11/07) Page 5 ¤t 6
· \

CASE #: 0124314437808703 Doc ID #; O0019338674005008 ‘
22. Riders to this Security Instruiipent. If one or more riders are executed by Borrower and recorded together
with this Security Instrument, the covenants of each such rider shall be incorporated into and shall amend and supplement
the covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument as if the rider(s) were a part of this Security Instrument.
[Check applicable box(es)].
lj Condominium Rider . I:] Growing Equity Rider
D Planned Unit Development Rider   Graduated Payment Rider
I:] Other [specify] i
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the temws contained in this Security Insuument and in any
rider(s) executed by Borrower and recorded. with it
· - I ($63])
MICHAEL BRYANT -Borrower
I I (sen)
FENYA BRYAN —Borr0wer
I (Seal)
-Borrower
  <s¤a¤>
-Borrower
sum or OREGON, fbe SC-LI,ee‘{'¤»$` &;<>¤¤¢v ¤¤=
I I I 2 O0
On this SO day of ., _   QA} ,_________ , personally appeared the
above named _ · A   , _ · »•»-yvx I
 El!Z&',mn.a-Ii
 
the foregoing instrument to be ·`  I- e  oluntary act and d¤¢d· Q
My Commission Expires: AJJIL { 3/ Q4//' B¢f01’¤ mci Wm  
;  if    _     Notary Pub ` f fcgfm
    IQQYMY FUULIQOREGQN t
r   _¢0MMISSlQN News 1;:7; ·
p     r'** , mc¤MsstqsI9e?|§s_N0y13§zq11
Mens FI-IA D sd rTrusr-0R
2004N·OR (1;07)° ’°°9° 6 °* 6
»   DOCUMENT POOR QUALITY
” `   ATTIME OF RECORDING

I
I Prepared by: SANDI R. MORIARTY ` I
COUNTRYWIDE BANK, FSB
‘ Office #: 0000047 I ‘
I 606 OAKESDALE AVE , SUITE 100
. DATE: 05/29/2008 RENTONI WA 98057
CASE#: 0R43]_44373037O3 Phone: (42$)792-6100
DOC|D#: 00019338674005;OO8 Office Fax N¤·= (NI
BOFIFIOWEFIZ MICHAEL BRYANT. ·
PROPERTY ADDRESS: 51495 JORY RD
LA P1NE,1‘ OR 97739-9594 t
LEGAL DESCRIPTION EXHIBIT A
LOT 9 IN BLOCK 14 OF C.L. & D. RANCH TRACTS NO. 3, DESCHUTES COUNTY, OREGON.
FHANAICONV ll I . -
Legal Descrlptlon Exhlblt A ih
l 2C404-XX (O4/03)(d)  
.¤" I ·
· I
- I .   I
'23991" - _, ‘193386740000002004N'
A DOCUMENT POOR QUALITY
_ AT TIME OF RECORDING
I

