35330‘"§E2»§2£!LI»?'E5S0$$ 2E§SE°° 2000-24506
||!0]||lllllIllll||||||||||||4||||||||l||l|||Il| *‘°’·°°l
» 77 2  8002450601 0140
06/06/2008 03:33:50 PH
H-DT CMJ3 $£n¤3 PG
$55.00 $10.00 $11.00 $10.00 $5.00
Do not remove this page from original document.
QTES C,
cf" A Qc
    , .,0
¤     ·<
lf this instrument is being re-recorded, please complete the following
statement, in accordance with ORS 205.244:
Re—recorded to correct [give reason]
previously recorded in Book and Page ,
or as Fee Number .

I
W  
Mail Tax Statements To: After Recording Return To:
John and Maria McClean AmeriTitle
3311 NW Rademacher 1495 NW Garden Valley Blvd.
Bend, OR 97701 Roseburg, OR 97470
TRUST DEED, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, SECURITY
\ ry? AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING
(V
THIS TRUST DEED is made as of the (L day of June, 2008, by John McClean and
Maria McClean, whose address is 3311 NW Rademacher, Bend, Oregon 97701 ("Grantor"), to
AmeriTitle, having its office at 1255 Lee Street SE, Suite 110, Salem, OR 97302 ("Trustee"),
for the benefit of NORCAD, Inc., an Oregon corporation, whose address is 41741 Kingston
Lyons Drive SE, Stayton, Oregon 97383, ("Beneficiary").
WHEREAS, Beneficiary has made a loan to Grantor in the sum of Two Hundred Fifty
Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($250,000.00), which loan is to be evidenced by a Promissory
Note of even date herewith. The loan, if not sooner paid, is due and payable in full on December
1, 2009, and
WHEREAS, as a condition to the making of the loan to Grantor, Beneficiary has
required, and Grantor has agreed to provide, this Trust Deed.
NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, and for the purpose of securing the Obligations described in Section 1.01 below,
Grantor hereby irrevocably grants, bargains, sells, conveys, assigns, and transfers to Trustee in
trust for the benefit and security of Beneficiary, with power of sale, all of` Grantor's right, title,
and interest in and to the real property located in Deschutes County, State of Oregon, and more
particularly described in Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein, together with (1) all
dwellings and other improvements now or hereafter located thereon, (2) all easements,
tenements, hereditaments, and appurtenances relating thereto, (3) all awards for any taking of` all
or any portion thereof, and (4) all insurance proceeds for any damage thereto (collectively, the
"Trust Property").
TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the Trust Property to Trustee and its successors and assigns
for the benefit of Beneficiary and its successors and assigns, forever.
PROVIDED ALWAYS, that if all the Obligations shall be paid, performed, and satisfied
in full, then the lien and estate hereby granted shall be reconveyed.
This Trust Deed, the Note, and all other agreements executed at any time in connection
therewith, as they may be amended or supplemented from time to time, are sometimes
collectively referred to as the "Loan Documents."
TO PROTECT THE SECURITY OF TI—HS TRUST DEED, GRANTOR COVENANTS
AND AGREES AS FOLLOWS:
Trust Deed, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing Page 1
RECORDED BY
WESTERN TITLE & ESCROW CO.
/024+

ARTICLE I
Particular Covenants and Warranties of Grantor
1.01 Obligations Secured. This Trust Deed secures the payment of all indebtedness,
including but not limited to principal and interest, and the performance of all covenants and
obligations of Grantor, under the Note, this Trust Deed, and the other Loan Documents, whether
such payment and performance is now due or becomes due in the future (collectively, the
"Obligations").
1.02 Payment and Performance. Grantor shall pay and perform all of the Obligations
when due. A Collection escrow shall be established at AmeriTitle. Grantor shall make all
payments required under the Note or this Trust Deed, to AmeriTitle at the address listed in the
Note. Grantor shall pay the costs of the collection escrow. Beneficiary shall have the right to
change the collection escrow company and notify Grantor in writing to make payments
elsewhere.
1.03 Property. Grantor warrants that it holds good and merchantable title to the Trust
Property, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, reservations, restrictions, easements, and
adverse claims except those specifically listed in Exhibit B attached hereto. Grantor covenants
that it shall forever defend Beneficiary's and Trustee's rights hereunder and the priority of this
Trust Deed against the adverse claims and demands of all persons.
1.04 Further Assurances. Grantor shall execute, acknowledge, and deliver, from time
to time, such further instruments as Beneficiary or Trustee may require to accomplish the
purposes of this Trust Deed.
1.05 Compliance with Laws. Grantor represents, warrants, and covenants that the
Trust Property is currently in material compliance with, and will at all times be maintained in
material compliance with, all applicable laws, and all covenants, conditions, easements, and
restrictions affecting the Trust Property.
1.06 Environmental Compliance
(1) For purposes of this section, "Environmental Law" means any federal, state, or
local law or regulation now or hereafter at any time pertaining to Hazardous Substances or
enviromnental conditions. For purposes of this section, "Hazardous Substance" includes, without
limitation, any substance that is or becomes classified as hazardous, dangerous, or toxic under
any federal, state, or local law or regulation.
(2) Grantor will not use, generate, store, release, discharge, or dispose of on, under, or
about the Trust Property or the groundwater thereof any Hazardous Substance and will not
permit any other person to do so, except for storage and use of such Hazardous Substances (and
in such quantities) as may commonly be used for household purposes, provided such substances
are stored and used in compliance with all Environmental Laws. Grantor will keep and maintain
Tmst Deed, Assignment of Rents, Sectuity Agreement and Fixture Filing Page 2

the Trust Property in compliance with all Environmental Laws.
(3) Beneficiary shall have the right to participate in any legal proceeding initiated
with respect to the Trust Property in connection with any Enviromnental Law and have its
attorney fees paid by Grantor. If, at any time, Beneficiary has reason to believe that any violation
of this Section 1.06 has occurred or is threatened, Beneficiary may require Grantor to obtain or
may itself obtain, at Grantor's expense, an environmental assessment by a qualified
enviromnental consultant. Grantor shall promptly provide to Beneficiary a complete copy of any
environmental assessment obtained by Grantor.
(4) If any investigation, monitoring, contaimnent, cleanup, or other remedial work of
any kind is required on the Trust Property under any applicable Environmental Law or by any
governmental agency or person in connection with a release of a Hazardous Substance, Grantor
shall promptly complete all such work at Grantor's expense.
(5) All representations, warranties, and covenants in this Section 1.06 shall survive
the satisfaction of the Obligations, the reconveyance of the Trust Property, or the foreclosure of
this Trust Deed.
1.07 Maintenance and Improvements. Except as specifically provided herein,
Grantor shall not permit the Trust Property or any part thereof to be removed, demolished, or
materially altered without Beneficiary's prior written consent. Grantor shall maintain the Trust
Property, and every portion thereof, in good repair and condition, except for reasonable wear and
tear, and shall at Beneficiary's election restore, replace, or rebuild the Trust Property or any part
thereof now or hereafter damaged or destroyed by any casualty (whether or not insured against
or insurable) or affected by any Condemnation (as defined in Article II). Grantor shall not
commit or suffer any waste or strip of the Trust Property.
1.08 Liens. Grantor shall pay when due all claims for labor and materials that, if
unpaid, might become a lien on the Trust Property. Grantor shall not create or suffer any lien,
security interest, or encumbrance on the Trust Property that may be prior to, or on a parity with,
the lien of this Trust Deed, except as specifically provided in Exhibit B attached hereto.
1.09 Impositions. Grantor shall pay when due all taxes, assessments, fees, and other
governmental and nongovernmental charges of every nature now or hereafter assessed against
any part of the Trust Property or on the lien or estate of Beneficiary or Trustee therein
(collectively, the "Impositions"); provided, however, that if by law any such Imposition may be
paid in installments, Grantor may pay the same in installments, together with accrued interest on
the unpaid balance thereof, as they become due. Grantor shall furnish to Beneficiary promptly
upon request satisfactory evidence of the payment of all Impositions. Beneficiary is hereby
authorized to request and receive from the responsible governmental and nongovernmental
personnel written statements with respect to the accrual and payment of all Impositions.
1.10 Use of Property. Grantor warrants that the Trust Property is commercial real
estate and this instrument is not a residential trust deed as that term is defined in ORS 86.705 (3),
Trust Deed, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing Page 3

and warrants that the Property is not used principally for agricultural or farming purposes.
Grantor shall not initiate or consent to any rezoning of the Trust Property or any change in any
covenant or other public or private restrictions limiting or defining the uses that may be made of
the Trust Property without the prior written consent of Beneficiary.
1.11 Insurance
(1) Property and Other Insurance. Grantor shall obtain and maintain during the
term of this Trust Deed all risk property insurance (including flood insurance unless waived by
Beneficiary) in an amount not less than the full remaining principal balance of the Note or, if
greater, in the amount of the full replacement cost of the Trust Property, without reduction for
co-insurance.
(2) Insurance Companies and Policies. All insurance shall be written by a company
or companies reasonably acceptable to Beneficiary, shall contain a long form mortgagee
endorsement in favor of Beneficiary with proceeds under any policy payable to Beneficiary,
subject to the terms of this Trust Deed, shall require 10 days' prior written notice to Beneficiary
of cancellation or reduction in coverage; and shall contain a waiver of subrogation. Grantor shall
fumish to Beneficiary on request a certificate evidencing the coverage required under this Trust
Deed and a copy of each policy.
1.12 Casualty/Loss Restoration
(1) After the occurrence of any casualty to the Trust Property, whether or not covered
by insurance, Grantor shall give prompt written notice thereof to Beneficiary. Beneficiary may
make proof of loss if it is not made promptly and to Beneficiary's satisfaction by Grantor.
(2) All insurance proceeds with respect to the Trust Property shall be payable to
Beneficiary. At Beneficiary's discretion, insurance proceeds may be applied to the Obligations or
may be released to Grantor, on such terms and conditions as Beneficiary elects, for restoration of
the Trust Property.
1.13 Actions to Protect Trust Property; Reserves
(1) If Grantor shall fail to pay, perform, or observe any of its covenants hereunder,
Beneficiary may, but shall not be required to, take such actions as it deems appropriate to remedy
such failure. All sums, including reasonable attorney fees, so expended, or expended to maintain
the lien or estate of this Trust Deed or its priority, or to protect or enforce any of Beneficiary's
rights hereunder, shall be a lien on the Trust Property, shall be secured by this Trust Deed, and
shall be paid by Grantor on demand, together with interest thereon at the rate provided in the
Note. No payment or other action by Beneficiary under this section shall impair any other right
or remedy available to Beneficiary or constitute a waiver of any Event of Default.
(2) If Grantor fails to promptly perform any of its obligations under Section 1.09 or
1.11 of this Trust Deed, Beneficiary may require Grantor thereafter to pay and maintain with
Trust Deed, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing Page 4

Beneficiary reserves for payment of such obligations. In that event, Grantor shall pay to
Beneficiary each month a sum estimated by Beneficiary to be sufficient to produce, at least
20 days before due, an amount equal to the Impositions, insurance premiums, or both. If the
sums so paid are insufficient to satisfy any Imposition or insurance premium when due, Grantor
shall pay any deficiency to Beneficiary on demand. The reserves may be commingled with
Beneficiary's other funds. Beneficiary shall credit to Grantor interest on such reserves at the
minimum rate required from time to time by applicable law. Beneficiary shall not hold the
reserves in trust for Grantor, and Beneficiary shall not be the agent of Grantor for payment of the
taxes and assessments required to be paid by Grantor.
1.14 Estoppel Certificates. Grantor, within five days of request therefore, shall
furnish Trustee and Beneficiary a written statement, duly acknowledged, ofthe amount of the
Obligations secured by this Trust Deed and whether any offsets or defenses exist against the
Obligations secured hereby. If Grantor shall fail to furnish such a statement within the time
allowed, Beneficiary shall be authorized, as Grantor's attomey-in-fact, to execute and deliver
such statement.
ARTICLE H
Condemnation
Should the Trust Property or any part thereof be taken or damaged by reason of any
public improvement, eminent domain, condemnation proceeding, or in any other manner (a
"Condemnation"), or should Grantor receive any notice or other information regarding such
action, Grantor shall give immediate notice thereof to Beneficiary. Beneficiary shall be entitled
to all compensation, awards, and other payments or relief therefore ("Condemnation Proceeds")
up to the full amount of the Obligations, and may appear in any Condemnation proceeding in its
own or Grantor's name and make any settlement in connection therewith. Beneficiary may, at its
option, apply the Condemnation Proceeds to the Obligations or release the proceeds to Grantor,
on such terms and conditions as Beneficiary elects, for restoration of the Trust Property.
AR'I`ICLE HI
Leases and Rents
3.01 Assignment of Leases and Rents. Grantor assigns to Beneficiary all leases,
rental contracts, and other agreements now or hereafter relating to the Trust Property or any
portion thereof (the "Leases") and all rents and income derived therefrom (the "Rents").
Beneficiary shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, after the occurrence of an Event of
Default, to notify any and all obligors under any of the Leases that the same have been assigned
to Beneficiary, to discount, compromise, enforce, and collect the Leases and Rents, and to
exercise any and all other rights and remedies of the lessor in corrrrection with any of the Leases
and Rents. Beneficiary shall have the right to use and apply any Rents received (1) for any costs
and expenses incurred in connection with enforcing this assignment and collecting Rents, (2) for
the maintenance of the Trust Property, and (3) for reduction of the Obligations in such order as
Trust Deed, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing Page 5

Beneficiary shall determine. Beneficiary hereby gives Grantor a revocable license to collect and
receive the Rents. Such license may be revoked by Beneficiary, without notice to Grantor, upon
the occurrence of` any Event of Default under this Trust Deed. Grantor agrees not to collect any
rents more than 30 days in advance. This assignment shall not operate to place responsibility for
the care, maintenance, or repair of the Trust Property upon Beneficiary.
3.02 Attorney-in-Fact. Grantor irrevocably constitutes and appoints Beneficiary as its
true and lawful attomey-in-fact, with power of substitution, to exercise any and all of the rights,
powers, and authorities described in this Article III and to endorse any instruments given in
payment of any Rents.
ARTICLE IV
Security Agreement and Fixture Filing
To secure the Obligations, Grantor hereby grants to Beneficiary a security interest in all
fixtures located on the Trust Property. This Trust Deed shall constitute a security agreement and
fixture filing under the Uniform Commercial Code statutes ofthe state of Oregon. The mailing
address of Grantor and the address of Beneficiary from which information may be obtained are
set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Trust Deed.
ARTICLE V
Events of Default; Remedies
5.01 Events of Default. Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default
under this Trust Deed and under each of the other Loan Documents:
(1) Nonpayment. Failure of Grantor to pay any ofthe Obligations on or within
15 days after the due date.
(2) Breach of Other Covenants. Failure of Grantor to perform or abide by any other
covenant included in the Obligations, including without limitation those covenants in the Note,
in this Trust Deed, or in any other Loan Document.
(3) Misinformation. Falsity when made in any material respect of any
representation, warranty, or information furnished by Grantor or its agents to Beneficiary in
connection with any of the Obligations.
(4) Other Default. The occurrence of any other event of default under the Note, the
Loan Documents, or any of the other Obligations.
(5) Other Indebtedness, Secondary Financing. Grantor may encumber the Property
with a lien junior to the lien created by this Deed of Trust without creating a default hereunder;
Trust Deed, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing Page 6

however, in no event will Lender subordinate this Deed of Trust to other financing. Moreover,
Grantor's default beyond applicable grace periods in the payment of any other indebtedness
secured by all or any portion of the Trust Property, shall be an event of default.
(6) Bankruptcy. The occurrence of any of the following with respect to Grantor, any
guarantor of the Obligations, or the then owner of the Trust Property: (a) appointment of a
receiver, liquidator, or trustee for any such party or any of its properties; (b) adjudication as a
bankrupt or insolvent, (c) filing of any petition by or against any such party under any state or
federal bankruptcy, reorganization, moratorium, or insolvency law, (d) inability to pay debts
when due; or (e) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
(7) Transfer; Due-on-Sale. Except as specifically provided herein, any sale, gift,
conveyance, contract for conveyance, transfer, or assignment ofthe Trust Property, or any part
thereof or any interest therein, either voluntarily, involuntarily, or by the operation of law (a
"Transfer"), without Beneficiary‘s prior written consent. Any lease for a term in excess of three
years, and any lease containing an option to purchase the Trust Property or any portion thereof,
shall be a Transfer. The provisions of this subsection (7) shall apply to each and every Transfer,
regardless of whether or not Beneficiary has consented or waived its rights in connection with
any previous Transfer. Beneficiary may attach such conditions to its consent under this
subsection (7) as Beneficiary may determine in its sole discretion, including without limitation
an increase in the interest rate or the payment of transfer or assumption fees, and the payment of
administrative and legal fees and costs incurred by Beneficiary.
5.02 Remedies in Case of Default. If an Event of Default shall occur, Beneficiary or
Trustee, as the case may be, may exercise any one or more of the following rights and remedies,
in addition to any other remedies that may be available by law, in equity, or otherwise:
(1) Acceleration. Beneficiary may declare all or any portion ofthe Obligations
immediately due and payable.
(2) Rents. Beneficiary may revoke Grantor's right to collect the Rents, and may
collect the Rents. Beneficiary shall not be deemed to be in possession of the Trust Property
solely by reason of exercise of the rights contained in this subsection (2). ‘
(3) Power of Sale. Beneficiary may direct Trustee, and Trustee shall be empowered,
to foreclose the Trust Property by advertisement and sale under applicable law.
(4) Foreclosure. Beneficiary may judicially foreclose this Trust Deed and obtain a
judgment foreclosing Grantor's interest in all or any part of the Trust Property.
(5) Fixtures and Personal Property. With respect to any fixtures or other property
subject to a security interest in favor of Beneficiary, Beneficiary may exercise any and all of the
rights and remedies of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code.
Trust Deed, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing Page 7

5.03 Sale. In any sale under this Trust Deed or pursuant to any judgment, the Trust
Property, to the extent permitted by law, may be sold as an entirety or in one or more parcels and
in such order as Beneficiary may elect. The purchaser at any such sale shall take title to the Trust
Property or the part thereof so sold, free and clear of the estate of Grantor, the purchaser being
hereby discharged from all liability to see to the application of the purchase money. Any person,
including Beneficiary, may purchase at any such sale. Beneficiary is hereby irrevocably
appointed Grantor's attomey-in-fact, with power of substitution, to make all appropriate transfers
and deliveries of the Trust Property or any portions thereof so sold. Nevertheless, Grantor shall
ratify and confirm any such sale or sales by executing and delivering to Beneficiary or to such
purchaser or purchasers all such instruments requested by Beneficiary for such purpose.
5.04 Cumulative Remedies. All remedies under this Trust Deed are cumulative. Any
election to pursue one remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. No delay or
omission in exercising any right or remedy shall impair the full exercise of that or any other right
or remedy or constitute a waiver of any Event of Default.
5.05 Application of Proceeds. All proceeds from the exercise ofthe rights and
remedies under this Article V shall be applied (1) to costs of exercising such rights and remedies,
(2) to the Obligations, in such order as Beneficiary shall determine in its sole discretion, and
(3) the surplus, if any, shall be paid to the clerk of the court in the case of a judicial foreclosure
proceeding, otherwise to the person or persons legally entitled thereto.
ARTICLE VI
General Provisions
6.01 Time is of the Essence. Time is ofthe essence with respect to all covenants and
obligations of Grantor under this Trust Deed.
6.02 Repayment in Full and Reconveyance. At any time prior to the Maturity Date of
the Loan, Lender shall, at Borrower’s request, issue a release from the lien of the Deed of Trust
the Property, provided, however, that prior to or simultaneously with such release: (a) no
Default, as defined herein shall exist under the Note or this Deed of Trust, (b) Lender shall have
received the outstanding principal balance of the Note, together with all accrued and unpaid
interest, and any and all other sums due and owing under the Note or this Deed of Trust, together
with all escrow, closing and recording costs, the costs of preparing and delivering such release;
(c) Lender shall have received a written release satisfactory to Lender of any set aside letter,
letter of credit or other form of undertaking which Lender has issued to any surety, governmental
agency or any other party in connection with the Loan and/or the Property .
6.03 Notice. Except as otherwise provided in this Trust Deed, all notices shall be in
writing and may be delivered by hand, or mailed by first-class certified mail, retum receipt
requested, postage prepaid, and addressed to the appropriate party at its address set forth at the
outset of this Trust Deed. Any party may change its address for such notices from time to time
by notice to the other parties. Notices given by mail in accordance with this paragraph shall be
Trust Deed, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing Page 8

deemed to have been given upon the date of mailing, notices given by hand shall be deemed to
have been given when actually received.
6.04 Substitute Trustee. In the event of dissolution or resignation of Trustee,
Beneficiary may substitute one or more trustees to execute the trust hereby created, and the new
trustee(s) shall succeed to all the powers and duties of the prior trustee(s).
6.05 Trust Deed Binding on Successors and Assigns. This Trust Deed shall be
binding on and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, personal representatives, successors,
and assigns of Grantor, Trustee, and Beneficiary.
6.06 Indemnity. Grantor shall, to the fullest extent allowed by law, hold Beneficiary
and Trustee and, if either is a corporation or other legal entity, their respective directors, officers,
employees, agents, and attorneys harmless from and indemnify them for any and all claims,
demands, damages, liabilities, and expenses, including but not limited to attomey fees and court
costs, arising out of or in connection with Trustee's or Beneficiary's interests and rights under
this Trust Deed.
6.07 Expenses and Attorney Fees. Grantor shall pay all fees and expenses, taxes,
assessments, and charges arising out of or in connection with the execution, delivery, and
recording of this Trust Deed. If Beneficiary refers any of the Obligations to an attorney for
collection or seeks legal advice following a default, if Beneficiary is the prevailing party in any
litigation instituted in connection with any of the Obligations, or if Beneficiary or any other
person initiates any judicial or nonjudicial action, suit, or proceeding in connection with any of
the Obligations or the Trust Property (including but not limited to bankruptcy, eminent domain,
or probate proceedings), and an attorney is employed by Beneficiary to appear in any such
proceeding or seek relief from a judicial or statutory stay, or otherwise enforce Beneficiary's
interests, then in any such event Grantor shall pay reasonable attorney fees, costs, and expenses
incurred by Beneficiary in comrection with the above mentioned events and any appeals. Such
amounts shall be secured by this Trust Deed and, if not paid upon demand, shall bear interest at
the rate specified in the Note.
6.08 Applicable Law. This Trust Deed shall be governed by the laws of the state of
Oregon.
6.09 "Person" Defined. As used in this Trust Deed, the word "person" shall mean any
natural person, partnership, trust, corporation, or other legal entity of any nature.
6.10 Severability. If any provision of this Trust Deed shall be held to be invalid,
illegal, or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Trust Deed shall not be affected.
6.11 Entire Agreement. This Trust Deed contains the entire agreement ofthe parties
with respect to the Trust Property. No prior agreement or promise made by any party to this
Trust Deed that is not contained herein shall be binding or valid.
Trust Deed, Assigmnent of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing Page 9

6.12 Joint and Several Liability. In the event this Trust Deed is executed by two or
more persons as Grantor, all of such persons shall be liable, jointly and severally, for payment of
all sums and performance of all other covenants in this Trust Deed.
6.13 Standard for Discretion. In the event this Mortgage is silent on the standard for
any consent, approval, determination, or similar discretionary action, the standard shall be sole
and unfettered discretion as opposed to any standard of good faith, fairness, or reasonableness.
6.14 ORS 93.040 Warning. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS
INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON TRANSFERRING FEE TITLE SHOULD INQUIRE ABOUT
THE PERSON’S RIGHTS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS 195.300, 195.301 AND 195.305 TO
195.336 AND SECTIONS 5 TO 11, CHAPTER 424, OREGON LAWS 2007. TI-HS
INSTRUMENT DOES NOT ALLOW USE OF THE PROPERTY DESCRIBED IN THIS
INSTRUMENT IN VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAND USE LAWS AND
REGULATIONS. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING TI·HS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON
ACQUIRING FEE TITLE TO THE PROPERTY SHOULD CHECK WITH TI-IE
APPROPRIATE CITY OR COUNTY PLANNING DEPARTMENT TO VERIFY THAT THE
UNIT OF LAND BEING TRANSFERRED IS A LAWFULLY ESTABLISHED LOT OR
PARCEL, AS DEFINED IN ORS 92.010 OR 215.010, TO VERIFY TI-IE APPROVED USES
OF THE LOT OR PARCEL, TO DETERMINE ANY LIMITS ON LAWSUITS AGAINST
FARMING OR FOREST PRACTICES, AS DEFINED IN ORS 30.930, AND TO INQUIRE
ABOUT THE RIGHTS OF NEIGHBORING PROPERTY OWNERS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS
195.300, 195.301 AND 195.305 TO 195.336 AND SECTIONS 5 TO ll, CHAPTER 424,
OREGON LAWS 2007.
GRANTOR:
Jim McCl 
Maria McClean
Trust Deed, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing Page 10

STATE OF OREGON )
_ ) ss.
C<>¤¤’¤y <> 5 ) .
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me thisél day of June, 2008, by
John McClean.
E   ` E
` (ag., OFFICIAL SEAL I _ ’ ,
    LORI D W§I§HEGON Notary Public for Oregon
"i’Ql ‘ Nomnv Puma - R - - - .
\;.M/ COMMISSION NO 396175 My comm1ss1on expires. Z T 7
MY comwussnow Expnnes SEPT. 28, 20 9
STATE OF OREGON )
g ) ss.
COUHW   )
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this  y of June, 2008, by
Maria McClean. g  
  E§§I°$“I,.§E:; OMYPUPHF mrcgén
  NOTARY PUBLICOREGON My commission expires. Z l
  cowwnssnom N0. 396175
Mv COMMISSION Exvrnrss sept 28, 2009
Trust Deed, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing Page ll

Exhibit A
Lot 58, NORTH RIM ON AWBREY BUTTE, PHASE 3, City of Bend, Deschutes County,
Oregon.
Trust Deed, Assigrmient of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing Page 12

Exhibit B
Encumbrances: None.
Trust Deed, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing Page 13

