‘ · 8Lo "|/>"l ®» ll0C¤3°i6
After Recording Return To:
IndyMac Bank, F.S.B. c/o Document Management
[Name]
[Attention]
901 E. 104th Street Building B Suite 400/500
[stm Addms] nzsciiurzs couwrv OFFICIRL nsconns
Kansas City, MO 64 131
[City, smc Zip Code] NRNCY BLRNKENSHIP , COUNTY CLERK  
le   c~»¤g€  r €¤~¢           |ll||||l Illllljllll |l|||l|||l| IIIIIIIIIIIIII II III it-°°
be sent tothe following address:
000177 2 00  444500120125
Q-O· BOX 78826 06/06/2008 12:10:39 Pll
I ttm Addtessl n-nr cam sms nc
Phoenix, AZ 85062-8826
[City, State Zip Code] $60.00 $11..00 $10.00 $5.00 V
Tax Account Number:
 [Space Above This Line F 0r Recording Data] 
FHA Case No.
      431—4426204—703
MIN: 100055401294655503
THIS DEED OF TRUST (“Security Instrument") is given on June 3 , 2008 .  
The grantor is Curtis Delamarter and Tina Delamarter
("Borrower").
Tm trustee IS First American Title Insurance Co. of Oregon _
("Trustee"). The lender is
IndyMac: Bank, F.S.B., a federally chartered savings bank ’
which is organized and existing under the laws of United States Of America , and whose address is
155 North Lake Avenue, Pasadena, CA 91101 ("L€¤d¢t")·
The beneficiary under this Security Instrument is Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. (“MERS").
V MERS is a separate corporation that is acting solely as a nominee for Lender and Lender’s successors and assigns.
MERS is organized and existing under the laws ot` Delaware, and has an address and telephone number of P.O. Box
2026, Flint, Ml 4850l-2026, tel. (888) 679-MERS. Borrower owes Lender the principal sum of two
hundred sixty thousand four hundred thirteen and NO/100ths
Dollars (U.S. $260, 4]_3 _ 90 ). This debt is evidenced by Borrower's note dated the same date as this Security
Instrument ("Note"), which provides for monthly payments, with the full debt, if not paid earlier, due and payable
on July l, 2038 . This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment ofthe debt
evidenced by the Note, with interest, and all renewals, extensions and modifications of the Note; (b) the payment of
all other sums, with interest, advanced under Paragraph 7 to protect the security of this Security Instrument; and (c)
the performance of Borrower's covenants and agreements under this Security Instrument and the Note. For this
purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the following described
property located in Deschutes County, Oregon;
Loan No: 129465550
FHA Oregon Deed ot`Trust Closing
Mens Mounted
The Compliance Source, Inc. Page l of9 5430IOR 02/02 Rev. 02/03
www.c0mplianccsource.com ©2002, The Compliance Source, Inc,
Alter recording return to: .
First American 'litlp
395 SW Bluff Drive, Suite 100
Bend, OB 97702 ,

i See Exhj.b:i.t A attached hereto and made a part hereof
which currently has the address of 20568 NE BOYD COURT
[Street]
Bend , Oregon 9770]-* ("Property Address"):
[City] [Zip Code]
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements,
appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and additions shall also be
covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the "Property."
Borrower understands and agrees that MERS holds only legal ·title to the interests granted by Borrower in this
Security Instrument, but, if necessary to comply with law or custom, MERS (as nominee for Lender and Lender’s
successors and assigns) has the right: to exercise any or all ofthose interests, including, but not limited to, the right
to foreclose and sell the Property; and to take any action required of Lender including, but not limited to, releasing
and canceling this Security Instrument.
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby conveyed and has the
right to grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of record.
Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands, subject to any
encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non-uniform
covenants with limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal, Interest and Late Charge. Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and
interest on, the debt evidenced by the Note and late charges due under the Note.
2. Monthly Payment of Taxes, Insurance and Other Charges. Borrower shall include in each monthly
payment, together with the principal and interest as set forth in the Note and any late charges, a sum for (a) taxes and
special assessments levied or to be levied against the Property, (b) leasehold payments or ground rents on the l
Property, and (c) premiums for insurance required under Paragraph 4. In any year in which the Lender must pay a
mortgage insurance premium to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development ("Secretary"), or in any year in
which such premium would have been required if Lender still held the Security Instrument, each monthly payment
shall also include either: (i) a sum for the annual mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the
Secretary, or (ii) a monthly charge instead of a mortgage insurance premium if this Security Instrument is held by
the Secretary, in a reasonable amount to be determined by the Secretary. Except for the monthly charge by the
Secretary, these items are called "Escrow Items" and the sums paid to Lender are called "Escrow Funds."
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold amounts for Escrow Items in an aggregate amount not to exceed
the maximum amount that may be required for Borrower's escrow account under the Real Estate Settlement
Procedures Act of l974, l2 U.S.C. § 2601 gg;. and implementing regulations, 24 CFR Part 3500, as they may be
amended from time to time ("RESPA"), except that the cushion or reserve permitted by RESPA for unanticipated
disbursements or disbursements before Borrower's payments are available in the account may not be based on
amounts due for the mortgage insurance premium.
lf the amounts held by Lender for Escrow ltems exceed the amounts permitted to be held by RESPA,
Lender shall account to Borrower for the excess funds as required by RESPA. lf the amounts of funds held by
Loan NO: 129465550
FHA Oregon Deed of Trust Closing
MERS M0diIied
The Compliance Source, Inc. Page 2 ot`9 5430lOR 02/02 Rev. 02/03 _
www.comp|iancesouree.com @2002, The Compliance Source, Inc.
lllllllllllllllll|||l||l||||l|||Ill|l|l|I|IllllllllllllllllllI|||ll||l

l
Lender at any time are not sufficient to pay the Escrow Items when due, Lender may notify the Borrower and
require Borrower to make up the shortage as pemritted by RESPA.
The Escrow Funds are pledged as additional security for all sums secured by this Security Instrument. If
Borrower tenders to Lender the full payment of all such sums, Borrower's account shall be credited with the balance
remaining for all installment items (a), (b), and (c) and any mortgage insurance premium installment that Lender has
not become obligated to pay to the Secretary, and Lender shall promptly refund any excess funds to Borrower.
Immediately prior to a foreclosure sale of the Property or its acquisition by Lender, Borrower's account shall be
credited with any balance remaining for all installments for items (a), (b), and (c).
3. Application of Payments. All payments under Paragraphs l and 2 shall be applied by Lender as
follows: `
@5;;, to the mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the Secretary or to the monthly charge by
the Secretary instead of the monthly mortgage insurance premium;
Second, to any taxes, special assessments, leasehold payments or ground rents, and fire, flood and other
hazard insurance premiums, as required;
 , to interest due under the Note;
Fourth, to amortization ofthe principal ofthe Note; and
Eh, to latecharges due under the Note.
4. Fire, Flood and Other Hazard Insurance. Borrower shall insure all improvements on the Property,
whether now in existence or subsequently erected, against any hazards, casualties, and contingencies, including fire,
for which Lender requires insurance. This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts and for the periods that
Lender requires. Borrower shall also insure all improvements on the Property, whether now in existence or
subsequently erected, against loss by floods to the extent required by the Secretary. All insurance shall be carried
with companies approved by Lender. The insurance policies and any renewals shall be held by Lender and shall
include loss payable clauses in favor of, and in a form acceptable to, Lender.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give Lender immediate notice by mail. Lender may make proof of loss
if not made promptly by Borrower. Each insurance company concemed is hereby authorized and directed to make
payment for such loss directly to Lender, instead of to Borrower and to Lender jointly. All or any part of the
insurance proceeds may be applied by Lender, at its option, either (a) to the reduction ofthe indebtedness under the
Note and this Security Instrument, first to any delinquent amounts applied in the order of Paragraph 3, and then to
prepayment of principal, or (b) to the restoration or repair ofthe damaged property. Any application ofthe proceeds
to the principal shall not extend or postpone the due date of the monthly payments which are referred to in
Paragraph 2, or change the amount of such payments. Any excess insurance proceeds over an amount required to
pay all outstanding indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally
entitled thereto.
In the event of foreclosure of this Security Instrument or other transfer of title to the Property that
extinguishes the indebtedness, all right, title and interest of Borrower in and to insurance policies in force shall pass
to the purchaser.
S. Occupancy, Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Borrower's Loan
Application; Leaseholds. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower's principal residence
within sixty days after the execution of this Security Instrument (or within sixty days of a later sale or transfer of the
Property) and shall continue to occupy the Property as Borrower's principal residence for at least one year after the
date of occupancy, unless Lender determines that requirement will cause undue hardship for Borrower, or unless
extenuating circumstances exist which are beyond Borrower's control. Borrower shall notify Lender of any
extenuating circumstances. Borrower shall not commit waste or destroy, damage or substantially change the
Property or allow the Property to deteriorate, reasonable wear and tear expected. Lender may inspect the Property if
the Property is vacant or abandoned or the loan is in default. Lender may take reasonable action to protect and
preserve such vacant or abandoned Property. Borrower shall also be in default if Borrower, during the loan
application process, gave materially false or inaccurate information or statements to Lender (or failed to provide
Lender with any material information) in connection with the loan evidenced by the Note, including, but not limited
to, representations concerning Borrower's occupancy of the Property as a principal residence. If this Security
Loan N0: 129465550
FHA Oregon Deed of Trust Closing
MERS Modified
The Com pliancc Source. Inc. Page 3 ol`9 5430lOR 02/02 Rev. 02/03
www.compliancesourcecom @2002, The Compliance Source, Inc.
t lllllllllllll||l|l||ll|l|l|IllllIllllIlllllllllIllllllllllllllllllllll A

 
l
l
Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply with the provisions of the lease. If Borrower acquires fee title
to the Property, the leasehold and fee title shall not be merged unless Lender agrees to the merger in writing.
6. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, in
connection with any condemnation or other taking of any part of the Property, or for conveyance in place of
condemnation, are hereby assigned and shall be paid to Lender to the extent ofthe full amount ofthe indebtedness
that remains unpaid under the Note and this Security Instrument. Lender shall apply such proceeds to the reduction
ofthe indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument, first to any delinquent amounts applied in the order
provided in Paragraph 3. and then to prepayment of principal. Any application ofthe proceeds to the principal shall
not extend or postpone the due date ofthe monthly payments, which are referred to in Paragraph 2, or change the
amount of such payments. Any excess proceeds over an amount required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under
the Note and this Security Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
7. Charges to Borrower and Protection of Lender's Rights in the Property. Borrower shall pay all
govemmental or municipal charges, fines and impositions that are not included in Paragraph 2. Borrower shall pay
these obligations on time directly to the entity which is owed the payment. If failure to pay would adversely affect
Lender's interest in the Property, upon Lender's request Borrower shall promptly fumish to Lender receipts
evidencing these payments. V
If Borrower fails to make these payments or the payments required by Paragraph 2, or fails to perform any
other covenants and agreements contained in this Security Instrument, or there is a legal proceeding that may
significantly affect Lender's rights in the Property (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, for condemnation or to
enforce laws or regulations), then Lender may do and pay whatever is necessary to protect the value ofthe Property
and Lender's rights in the Property, including payment of taxes, hazard insurance and other items mentioned in
Paragraph 2.
Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this Paragraph shall become an additional debt of Borrower and
be secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest from the date of disbursement, at the Note
rate, and at the option of Lender shall be immediately due and payable.
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument unless
Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable to
· Lender; (b) contests in good faith the lien by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings which
in Lender's opinion operate to prevent the enforcement of the lien; or (c) secures from the holder of the lien an
agreement satisfactory to Lender subordinating the lien to this Security Instrument. If Lender determines that any
part of the Property is subject to a lien which may attain priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may give
Borrower a notice identifying the lien. Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take one or more ofthe actions set forth
above within IO days ofthe giving ofnotice.
8. Fees. Lender may collect fees and charges authorized by the Secretary.
9. Grounds for Acceleration of Debt.
(a) Default. Lender may, except as limited by regulations issued by the Secretary in the case of payment
defaults, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument if:
(i) Borrower defaults by failing to pay in full any monthly payment required by this
Security Instrument prior to or on the due date of the next monthly payment, or
(ii) Borrower defaults by failing, for a period of thirty days, to perform any other
obligations contained in this Security Instrument.
(b) Sale Without Credit Approval. Lender shall, if permitted by applicable law (including section 34l(d)
of the Garn-St Germain Depository Institutions Act of 1982, I2 U.S.C. § l70 I j-3(d)) and with the prior approval of
the Secretary, require immediate payment in full of all the sums secured by this Security Instrument if:
(i) All or part of the Property, or a beneficial interest in a trust owning all or part of the
Property, is sold or otherwise transferred (other than by devise or descent), and
(ii) The Property is not occupied by the purchaser or grantee as his or her principal
residence, or the purchaser or grantee does so occupy the Property, but his or her credit has not
been approved in accordance with the requirements of the Secretary.
Loan N0: 129465550
FHA Oregon Deed ofTrust Closing
MERS Modilied
'I`he Compliance Source, Inc. Page 4 of9 5430lOR 02/02 Rev. 02/03
www.com pliancesource.com ©2002, The Compliance Source, Inc. ` ’
IlllllllllllIllllllllllllll||lllll|||llllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllll

 
(c) No Waiver. If circumstances occur that would permit Lender to require immediate payment in full, but
Lender does not require such payments, Lender does not waive its rights with respect to subsequent events.
(d) Regulations of HUD Secretary. ln many circumstances regulations issued by the Secretary will limit
Lender's rights, in the case of payment defaults, to require immediate payment in full and foreclose if not paid. This
Security Instrument does not authorize acceleration or foreclosure if not permitted by regulations of the Secretary.
(e) Mortgage Not Insured. Borrower agrees that if this Security Instrument and the Note are not
determined to be eligible for insurance under the National Housing Act within 60 days from the date hereof, Lender
may, at its option require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument. A written
statement of any authorized agent of the Secretary dated subsequent to 60 days from the date hereof, declining to
insure this Security Instrument and the Note, shall be deemed conclusive proof of such ineligibility.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this option may not be exercised by Lender when the unavailability of insurance is
solely due to Lender's failure to remit a mortgage insurance premium to the Secretary.
10. Reinstatement. Borrower has a right to be reinstated if Lender has required immediate payment in
full because of Borrower's failure to pay an amount due under the Note or this Security Instrument. This rrht
applies even after foreclosure proceedings are instituted. To reinstate the Security Instrument, Borrower shall tender
in a lump sum all amounts required to bring Borrower's account current including, to the extent they are obligations
of Borrower under this Security Instrument, foreclosure costs and reasonable and customary attomeys' fees and
expenses properly associated with the foreclosure proceeding. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security
Instrument and the obligations that it secures shall remain in effect as ifLender had not required immediate payment
in full. However, Lender is not required to permit reinstatement if: (i) Lender has accepted reinstatement after the
commencement of foreclosure proceedings within two years immediately preceding the commencement of a current
foreclosure proceeding, (ii) reinstatement will preclude foreclosure on different grounds in the future, or (iii)
reinstatement will adversely affect the priority of the lien created by this Security Instrument.
ll. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance by Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time of payment
or modification of amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender to any successor
in interest of Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of the original Borrower or Borrower's successor in
interest. Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against any successor in interest or refuse to extend
time for payment or otherwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any
demand made by the original Borrower or Borrower's successors in interest. Any forbearance by Lender in
exercising any right or remedy shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy.
12. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Co-Signers. The covenants and
agreements of this Security Instrument shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender and Borrower,
subject to the provisions of Paragraph 9(b). Borrower’s covenants and agreements shall be joint and several. Any
Borrower who co—signs this Security Instrument but does not execute the Note: (a) is co—signing this Security -
Instrument only to mortgage, grant and convey that Borrower's interest in the Property under the terms of this
Security Instrument; (b) is not personally obligated to pay the sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (c)
agrees that Lender and any other Borrower may agree to extend, modify, forbear or make any accommodations with
regard to the temr of this Security Instrument or the Note without that Borrower's consent.
13. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by delivering
it or by mailing it by first class mail unless applicable law requires use of another method. The notice shall be
directed_ to the Property Address or any other address Borrower designates by notice to Lender. Any notice to
Lender shall be given by first class mail to Lender's address stated herein or any address Lender designates by notice
to Borrower. Any notice provided for in this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower or
Lender when given as provided in this paragraph.
I4. Governing Law; Severability. 'l`his Security instrument shall be govemed by Federal law and the law
of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. ln the event that any provision or clause of this Security
Instrument or the Note conflicts with applicable law. such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this Security
Instrument or the Note which can be given effect without the conflicting provision. To this end the provisions of
this Security Instrument and the Note are declared to be severable.
Loan N0; 129465550
FHA Oregon Deed of Trust Closing
MERS Modilied
The Compliance Source, Inc. Page 5 of9 5430lOR 02/02 Rev. 02/03
www.c0mpliancesource.c0m @2002, The Compliance Source, Inc.
|l|||l|l|l|l|llllllllllllllIllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllll

 
15. Borrower’s Copy. Borrower shall be given one conformed copy of the Note and of this Security
Instrument.
16. Hazardous Substances. Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or
release of any Hazardous Substances on or in the Property. Borrower shall not do, nor allow anyone else to do,
anything affecting the Property that is in violation of any Environmental Law. The preceding two sentences shall
not apply to the presence, use, or storage on the Property of small quantities of Hazardous Substances that are
generally recognized to be appropriate to normal residential uses and to maintenance of the Property.
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of any investigation, claim, demand, lawsuit or other
action by any govemmental or regulatory agency or private party involving the Property and any Hazardous
Substance or Environmental Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge. If Borrower leams, or is notified by any
govemmental or regulatory authority, that any removal or other remediation of any Hazardous Substances affecting
the Property is necessary, Borrower shall promptly take all necessary remedial actions in accordance with
Environmental Law.
As used in this Paragraph 16, "Hazardous Substances" are those substances defined as toxic or hazardous
substances by Enviromnental Law and the following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or toxic
petroleum products, toxic pesticides and herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or
formaldehyde, and radioactive materials. As used in this Paragraph 16, "Environmental Law" means federal laws
and laws of the jurisdiction where the Property is located that relate to health, safety or environmental protection.
NON-UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
17. Assignment of Rents. Borrower unconditionally assigns and transfers to Lender all the rents and
revenues of the Property. Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender's agents to collect the rents and revenues and
hereby directs each tenant of the Property to pay the rents to Lender or Lender's agents. However, prior to Lender's
notice to Borrower of Borrower’s breach of any covenant or agreement in the Security Instrument, Borrower shall
collect and receive all rents and revenues ofthe Property as trustee for the benefit of Lender and Borrower. This
assignment of rents constitutes an absolute assignment and not an assignment for additional security only.
lf Lender gives notice of breach to Borrower: (a) all rents received by Borrower shall be held by Borrower
as trustee for benefit of Lender only, to be applied to the sums secured by the Security Instrument; (b) Lender shall
be entitled to collect and receive all of the rents of the Property; and (c) each tenant of the Property shall pay all
rents due and unpaid to Lender or Lender's agent on Lender's written demand to the tenant.
Borrower has not executed any prior assignment ofthe rents and has not and will not perform any act that
would prevent Lender from exercising its rights under this Paragraph 17.
Lender shall not be required to enter upon, take control of or maintain the Property before or after giving
notice of breach to Borrower. However, Lender or a judicially appointed receiver may do so at any time there is a
breach. Any application of rents shall not cure or waive any default or invalidate any other right or remedy of
Lender. This assignment of rents of the Property shall terminate when the debt secured by the Security Instrument is
paid in full.
18. Foreclosure Procedure. lf Lender requires immediate payment in full under Paragraph 9,
Lender may invoke the power of sale and any other remedies permitted by applicable law. Lender shall be
entitled to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided in this Paragraph 18, including,
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of title evidence.
If Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall execute or cause Trustee to execute a written notice
of the occurrence of an event of default and of Lender's election to cause the Property to be sold and shall
cause such notice to be recorded in each county in which any part of the Property is located. Lender or
Trustee shall give notice of sale in the manner prescribed by applicable law to Borrower and to other persons
prescribed by applicable law. After the time required by applicable law, Trustee, without demand on
Borrower, shall sell the Property at public auction to the highest bidder at the time and place and under the
terms designated in the notice of sale in one or more parcels and in any order Trustee determines. Trustee
may postpone sale of all or any parcel ofthe Property by public announcement at the time and place of any
previously scheduled sale. Lender or its designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
man N<>;,._Q&¥_§§>_Q___-.L___._______~,______._._____L_,________,___;
FHA Oregon Deed of Trust Closing
MERS Mounted
The Compliance Source. lnc. Page 6 ol'9 54301OR 02/02 Rev. 02/03
www.compliancesouree.com @2002, The Compliance Source, Inc.
lllllllllllll||||lI|l|||I|l|l|||||lllll|l|llllllll|||||llll|||||ll||l

 
  . ·
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser a Trustee's deed conveying the Property without any covenant
or warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee's deed shall be prima facie evidence of the
( truth ofthe statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the following order: (a)
to all expenses of the sale, including, but not limited to, reasonable Trustee's and attorneys' fees; (b) to all
sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) any excess to the person or persons legally entitled to it.
If the Lender's interest in this Security Instrument is held by the Secretary and the Secretary
requires immediate payment in full under Paragraph 9, the Secretary may invoke the nonjudicial power of
sale provided in the Single Family Mortgage Foreclosure Act of 1994 ("Act") (12 U.S.C. § 3751 gt gg.) by
requesting a foreclosure commissioner designated under the Act to commence foreclosure and to sell the
Property as provided in the Act. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall deprive the Secretary of any rights
otherwise available to a Lender under this Paragraph 18 or applicable law.
19. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall request
Trustee to reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security Instrument and all notes evidencing debt secured
by this Security Instrument to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the Property without warranty to the person or persons
legally entitled to it. Such person or persons shall pay any recordation costs. Lender may charge such person or
persons a fee for reconveying the Property, but only if the fee is paid to a third patty (such as the Trustee) for
services rendered and the charging of the fee is permitted under applicable law.
20. Substitute Trustee. Lender may from time to time remove Trustee and appoint a successor trustee to
any Trustee appointed hereunder. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor trustee shall succeed to all the
title, power and duties conferred upon Trustee herein and by applicable law.
Z1. Attorneys' Fees. As used in this Security Instrument and in the Note, "attomeys' fees" shall include
any attomeys' fees awarded by an appellate coun.
22. Protective Advances. This Security Instrument secures any advances Lender, at its discretion, may
make under Paragraph 7 of this Security Instrument to protect Lender’s interest in the Property and rights under this
Security Instrument.
23. Required Evidence of Property Insurance.
WARNING
Unless you provide us with evidence of the insurance coverage as required by our
contract or loan agreement, we may purchase insurance at your expense to protect our interest.
This insurance may, but need not, also protect your interest. If the collateral becomes damaged,
the coverage we purchase may not pay any claim you make or any claim made against you. You
may later cancel this coverage by providing evidence that you have obtained property coverage
elsewhere. You are responsible for the cost of any insurance purchased by us. The cost of this
insurance may be added to your contract or loan balance. If the cost is added to your contract or
loan balance, the interest rate on the underlying contract or loan will apply to this added amount.
The effective date of coverage may be the date your prior coverage lapsed or the date you failed to
provide proof of coverage.
The coverage we purchase may be considerably more expensive than insurance you can
obtain on your own and may not satisfy any need for propeity damage coverage or any mandatory
liability insurance requirements imposed by applicable law.
Loan N0: 129465550
FHA Oregon Deed of Trust Closing
MERS Modified
The Compliance Source, Inc. Page 7 of9 54301OR 02/02 Rev. 02/03
www.compliancesource.com @2002, The Compliance Source, Inc.
||l|l|lI||l|IlllllllllllllIlllllllIllllllllllllIlllllllllllllllll

 
24. Riders to this Security Instrument. lf one or more riders are executed by Borrower and recorded
together with this Security Instrument, the covenants of each such rider shall be incorporated into and shall amend
and supplement the covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument as if the rider(s) were a part of this
Security Instrument. [Check applicable box(es)] `
X Condominium Rider [1] Graduated Payment Rider
E] Planned Unit Development Rider E] Growing Equity Rider
lj Other [specify]
l
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained in this Security
Instrument and in any rider(s) executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
(Seal) Eg  (Seal)
is Delainaxtetlt —Borrower T . Delaxnaxtex t -Borrower
[Printed Name] . [Printed Name]
(Seal) (Seal)
-Borrower -Bonower
[Printed Name] [Printed Name]
I0-an N0: 129465550
FHA Oregon Deed of Trust Closing
MERS Modified
The Compliance Source, Inc. Page 8 of9 54301OR 02/02 Rev. 02/03
www.c0mpliancesource.com ©2002, The Compliance Source, Inc.

2 ACKNOWLEDGMENT
State of Oregon §
§
County Of Deschutes §
This instrument was acknowledged before me on 6 3 · 0 5/ (date) by
‘ Curtis Delamaxtex and Tina Delamaxtex
` (name of person acknowledged).
/'\X.'\..'\..'\.'\.‘\.'\..'\.’Y..\”.<.\."\f,Y..'\,$,"\.,'<.\? { P
Q   OFFICIAL SEAL  
§     5 Signature of Notarial Ofiic
  c MMlSSlON N0.3 l t v
5 ‘*" Mvcommissionzxvinzsssmmssn 29,2009 6 é ( gs$ é Ji; Yykb//4"Z,
  "·»   ,, "`\T,\1`J~iY>2\X/ Printed Name
géo VQ V {
Title or Rank of Officer
(Seal, if any) My Commission Expires:
Sep}, ze, wa 5
Loan N0: 129465550
FHA Oregon Deed ofTrust Closing
Mens M at u
The Comgliahie Source. Inc. Page 9 ol`9 5430lOR 02/02 Rev. 02/03
_ www.complianccs0urce.c0m @2002, The Compliance Source. lnc.
llllllllllllllllllllllllll||ll|Il|I|IlllllllllIllllllllllllllllllllll

 
FHA Case NO. 431-4426204-703
THIS PLANNED UNIT DEVELOPMENT RIDER is made this 31fd day of
JUl'l€, 2008 , and is incorporated into and shall be deemed to amend and supplement the
Mortgage, Deed of Trust or Security Deed ("Security Instrument") of the same date given by the undersigned
("Borrower") to secure Borrower's Note to I1'1dYl"l8.C B€·3l'1k, F-S-B- , ii f€d€I?illY Ch&I'C€I`€d
savings bank
("Lender") of the same date and covering the Property described in the Security Instrument and located at:
20568 NE BOYD COURT, Bend, OR 9'7'701 .
[Property Address]
The Property Address is a part of a planned unit development ("PUD") known as
COURTYARD ACRES
[Name of Planned Unit Development] ·
PUD COVENANTS: In addition to the covenants and agreements made in the Security Instrument,
Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows: ·
A. So long as the Owners Association (or equivalent entity holding title to common areas and
facilities), acting as trustee for the homeowners, maintains, with a generally accepted insurance
carrier, a "master" or "blanket" policy insuring the property located in the PUD, including all
improvements now existing or hereafter erected on the mortgaged premises, and such policy is
satisfactory to Lender and provides insurance coverage in the amounts, for the periods, and
against the hazards Lender requires, including fire and other hazards included within the term
"extended coverage" and loss by flood, to the extent required by the Secretary, then: (i) Lender
waives the provision in Paragraph 2 of this Security Instrument for the monthly payment to
Lender of one-twelfth of the yearly premium installments for hazard insurance on the Property,
and (ii) Borrower's obligation under Paragraph 4 of this Security Instrument to maintain hazard
insurance coverage on the Property is deemed satisfied to the extent that the required coverage is
provided by the Owners Association policy. Borrower shall give Lender prompt notice of any
lapse in required hazard insurance coverage and of any loss occurring from a hazard. In the
event of a distribution of hazard insurance proceeds in lieu of restoration or repair following a
loss to the property or to common areas and facilities of the PUD, any proceeds payable to
Borrower are hereby assigned and shall be paid to Lender for application to the sums secured by
this Security Instrument, with any excess paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
B. Borrower promises to pay all dues and assessments imposed pursuant to the legal instruments
creating and governing the PUD.
C. If Borrower does not pay PUD dues and assessments when due, then Lender may pay them. Any
amounts disbursed by Lender under this paragraph C shall become additional debt of Borrower
secured by the Security Instrument. Unless Borrower and Lender agree to other terms of
payment, these amounts shall bear interest from the date of disbursement at the Note rate and
shall be payable, with interest, upon notice from Lender to Borrower requesting payment.
 [Signatures on Fo//owing Page 
Loan N0: 129465550 . MIN: 100055401294655503
` FHA Planned Unit Development Rider (Multistatc)
—- C , .-· P I f ev.
  ‘"° “g° ° 2 IIIIIIIllllllllllllllltlllIllllllllllllll||l|l|||l|I|||llllllllllllll  i1i‘Z.£¥‘.‘,Z.§’.€f33§?,.,,,1Ti£1’!

 
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and provisions contained in this PUD
Rider.
Vw . * 1 ‘
I I l ` m'H\
________*m (Seal) \' _ M Uk; > L LJ!)   ji; (Seal)
j_ ]_ gf Jiorrower   Del  , gy * —Borrower
(Seal) (Seal)
—BOITOW€l' -BOlTOW€I'
l
  [Space Be/cw This Line For Acknowledgment]   _
l
- i
l
l
i
l
Loan N0: 129465550
FHA Planned Unit Development Rider (Multistate)
`““§?,’Y2?,’,§,ffIi’I§§§)$,§ZlZZ,$,?E"N°‘“ "“g°’°" llllllllllllllillIllillllIiilllllllllililllillilIilillllilll mi_i~Zi‘E§‘nE§£33SEZ;§i?§

 
EXHIBIT 'A'
File N0.: 7072-1106395 (CJS)
Property: 20568 Boyd Court, Bend, OR 97701
Lot 12 of COURTYARD ACRES, Deschutes County, Oregon.
A.P.N. 248332
7072-1106395 1 of 1

