~ ‘ DESCHUTES COUNTY OFFICIAL RECORDS
5@ NRNCY BLRNKENSHIP , COUNTY CLERK  
5 ·O
||[l|||MII||||I|||||||||I||||||||||||||||I|||| *°°·°°
` "° ° °°° °°”°°°°° °‘ osmsxzooa 11 ss 49 1111
I I
H-DT Cntsl $Ln¤3 PG I l
$30 . OO
Form RD 3550-14 OR Form Approved
(ll-96) OMB No. 0575-0172
United States Department of Agriculture
(O Rural Housing Service
DEED OF TRUST FOR OREGON
THIS DEED OF TRUST ("Security Instrument") is made gn May 30, 2003 _
The grantor is
Jim Derrick, a single person
("Borrower").
The trustee is the Rural Housing Service or its successor agency
of 1201 NE Lloyd Blvd Suite 801 Portland Oregon. ("Trustee")
The beneficiary is the United States of America acting through the Rural Housing Service or successor agency, United States
Department of Agriculture ("Lender"), whose address is Rural Housing Service, c/o Centralized Servicing Center, United States
Department of Agriculture, PO Box 66889, St. Louis, Missouri 63166.
Borrower is indebted to Lender under the following promissory notes and/or assumption agreements (herein collectively called
"Note") which have been executed or assumed by Borrower and which provide for monthly payments, with the full debt, if not
paid earlier, due and payable on the maturity date:
Date of Instrument Principal Amount Maturity Date
06/05/2008 $122,916.75 06/05/2046
This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment of the debt evidenced by the Note, with interest, and all renewals,
extensions and modifications of the Note; (b) the payment of all other sums, with interest, advanced under paragraph 7 to protect
the property covered by this Security Instrument; (c) the performance of Borrower's covenants and agreements under this
Security Instrument and the Note, and (d) the recapture of any payment assistance and subsidy which may be granted to the
Borrower by the Lender pursuant to 42 U.S.C. §§ 1472(g) or 1490a. For this purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys
to Trustee, with power of sale, the following described property located in the County of Deschutes, State of Oregon:
,. Lots 11 & 12, Block 6, CL & D RANCH TRACT, Deschutes County, Oregon.
Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average 15 minutes per response, including the time for reviewing instruction, searching existing
data sources, gathering and maintaining the data needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or
any other aspect of this collection of infomiation, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Clearance Officer, STOP—7602,
1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, D.C. 20250- 7602. Please DO NOT RETURN this form to this address. Forward to the local USDA office only. You are
not required to respond to this collection of infomration unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.
Page 1 of 6
WESTERN TITLE & ESCROW CO.

which has the address of 51455 Birch Road Lapine OR 97739
[Street) [City] [State] [zip]
("Property Address");
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements, appurtenances, and fixtures
which now or hereafter are a part of the property. All replacements and additions shall also be covered by this Security Instrument.
All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the "Property".
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seized of the estate hereby conveyed and has the right to grant and convey
the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of record. Borrower warrants and will defend generally
the title to the Property against all claims and demands, subject to any encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non-uniform covenants with limited
variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real property.
UNIFORM COVENANT S. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal and Interest; Prepayment and Late Charges. Borrower shall promptly pay when due the
principal of and interest on the debt evidenced by the Note and any prepayment and late charges due under the Note.
2. Funds for Taxes and Insurance. Subject to applicable law or to a written waiver by Lender, Borrower shall pay to Lender
on the day monthly payments are due under the Note, until the Note is paid in full, a sum ("Funds") for: (a) yearly taxes and
assessments which may attain priority over this Security Instrument as a lien on the Property; (b) yearly leasehold payments or ground
rents on the Property, if any; (c) yearly hazard or property insurance premiums; and (d) yearly flood insurance premiums, if any.
These items are called "Escrow Items." Lender may, at any time, collect and hold Funds in an amount not to exceed the maximum
amount a lender for a federally related mortgage loan may require for Borrower’s escrow account under the federal Real Estate
Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 as amended from time to time, 12 U.S.C. § 2601 et seq. ("RESPA"), unless another law or federal
regulation that applies to the Funds sets a lesser amount. If so, Lender may, at any time, collect and hold Funds in an amount not to
exceed the lesser amount. Lender may estimate the amount of Funds due on the basis of current data and reasonable estimates of
expenditures of future Escrow Items or otherwise in accordance with applicable law.
,. The Funds shall be held by a federal agency (including Lender) or in an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency,
instrumentality, or entity. Lender shall apply the Funds to pay the Escrow Items. Lender may not charge Borrower for holding and
applying the Funds, annually analyzing the escrow account, or verifying the Escrow items, unless Lender pays Borrower interest on
the Funds and applicable law permits Lender to make such a charge. However, Lender may require Borrower to pay a one-time
charge for an independent real estate tax reporting service used by Lender in connection with this loan, unless applicable law provides
otherwise. Unless an agreement is made or applicable law requires interest to be paid, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower
any interest or earnings on the Funds. Borrower and Lender may agree in writing, however, that interest shall be paid on the Funds. ‘
Lender shall give to Borrower, without charge, an annual accounting of the Funds, showing credits and debits to the Funds and the
purpose for which each debit to the Funds was made. The Funds are pledged as additional security for all sums secured by this
Security Instrument.
If the Funds held by Lender exceed the amounts permitted to be held by applicable law, Lender shall account to Borrower for the
excess funds in accordance with the requirements of applicable law. If the amount of the Funds held by Lender at any time is not `
sufficient to pay the Escrow Items when due, Lender may so notify Borrower in writing, and, in such case Borrower shall pay to
Lender the amount necessary to make up the deficiency. Borrower shall make up the deficiency in no more than twelve monthly
payments, at Lender's sole discretion.
Upon payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall promptly refund to Borrower any Funds held
by Lender. If Lender shall acquire or seH the Property after acceleration under paragraph 22, Lender, prior to the acquisition or sale
of the Property, shall apply any Funds held by Lender at the time of acquisition or sale as a credit against the sums secured by this
Security Instrument.
3. Application of Payments. Unless applicable law or Lender's regulations provide otherwise, all payments received by
Lender under paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be applied in the following order of priority: (1) to advances for the preservation or protection
of the Property or enforcement of this lien; (2) to accrued interest due under the Note; (3) to principal due under the Note; (4) to
amounts required for the escrow items under paragraph 2; (5) to late charges and other fees and charges.
4. Charges; Liens. Borrower shall pay all taxes, assessments, charges, fines and impositions attributable to the Property
which may attain priority over this Security Instrument, and leasehold payments or ground rents, if any. Borrower shall pay these
obligations in the manner provided in paragraph 2, or if not paid in that manner, Borrower shall pay them on time directly to the
person owed payment. Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender all notices of amounts to be paid under this paragraph. If
Borrower makes these payments directly, Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender receipts evidencing the payments.
Page 2 of 6

‘ Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument unless Lender has agreed in writing to
such lien or Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable to Lender; (b)
contests in good faith the lien by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings which in the Lender's opinion
operate to prevent the enforcement of the lien; or (c) secures from the holder of the lien an agreement satisfactory to Lender
subordinating the lien to this Security Instrument. If Lender determines that any part of the Property is subject to a lien which may
attain priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying the lien. Borrower shall satisfy the lien or
take one or more of the actions set forth above within ten (I0) days of the giving of notice. [
Borrower shall pay to Lender such fees and other charges as may now or hereafter be required by regulations of Lender, and pay
or reimburse the Lender or Trustee for all of Lender's or Trustee's fees, costs, and expenses in connection with any full or partial
release or subordination of this instrument or any other transaction affecting the property.
5. Hazard or Property Insurance. Borrower shall keep the improvements now existing or hereafter erected on the Property
insured against loss by fire, hazards included within the term "extended coverage" and any other hazards, including floods or
flooding, for which Lender requires insurance. This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts and for the periods that Lender
requires. The insurer providing the insurance shall be chosen by Borrower subject to Lender's approval which shall not be
unreasonably withheld. If Borrower fails to maintain coverage described above, at Lender's option Lender may obtain coverage to
protect Lender's rights in the Property pursuant to paragraph 7.
All insurance policies and renewals shall be in a form acceptable to Lender and shall include a standard mortgagee clause. Lender
shall have the right to hold the policies and renewals. If Lender requires, Borrower shall promptly give to Lender all receipts of paid
premiums and renewal notices. In the event of loss, Borrower shall give prompt notice to the insurance carrier and Lender. Lender
may make proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrower.
Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing, insurance proceeds shall be applied to restoration or repair of the Property
damaged, if the restoration or repair is economically feasible and Lender's security is not lessened. If the restoration or repair is not
economically feasible or Lender's security would be lessened, the insurance proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this
Security Instrument, whether or not then due, with any excess paid to Borrower. If Borrower abandons the Property, or does not
answer within thirty (30) days a notice from Lender that the insurance carrier has offered to settle a claim, then Lender may collect the
insurance proceeds. Lender may use the proceeds to repair or restore the Property or to pay sums secured by this Security Instrument,
whether or not then due. The thirty (30) day period will begin when the notice is given.
Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing, any application of proceeds to principal shall not extend or postpone the
due date of the monthly payments referred to in paragraphs l and 2 or change the amount of the payments. If after acceleration the
property is acquired by Lender, Borrower's right to any insurance policies and proceeds resulting from damage to the Property prior
to the acquisition shall pass to Lender to the extent of the sums secured by this Security Instrument inrmediately prior to the
acquisition.
6. Preservation, Maintenance, and Protection of the Property; Borrower's Loan Application; Leaseholds. Borrower
shall not destroy, damage or impair the Property, allow the Property to deteriorate, or commit waste on the Property. Borrower shall
maintain the improvements in good repair and make repairs required by Lender. Borrower shall comply with all laws, ordinances,
and regulations affecting the Property. Borrower shall be in default if any forfeiture action or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, is
begun that in Lender's good faith judgment could result in forfeiture of the Property or otherwise materially impair the lien created by
this Security Instrument or Lender's security interest. Borrower may cure such a default by causing the action or proceeding to be
dismissed with a ruling that, in Lender's good faith determination, precludes forfeiture of the Borrower's interest in the Property or
other material impairment of the lien created by this Security Instrument or Lender's security interest. Borrower shall also be in
default if Borrower, during the loan application process, gave materially false or inaccurate information or statements to Lender (or
failed to provide Lender with any material information) in connection with the loan evidenced by the Note. If this Security
Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply with all the provisions of the lease. If Borrower acquires fee title to the Property,
the leasehold and the fee title shall not merge unless Lender agrees to the merger in writing.
7. Protection of Lender's Rights in the Property. If Borrower fails to perform the covenants and agreements contained in
this Security Instrument, or there is a legal proceeding that may significantly affect Lender's rights in the Property (such as a
proceeding in bankruptcy, probate, for condemnation or forfeiture or to enforce laws or regulations), then Lender may do and pay for
whatever is necessary to protect the value of the Property and Lender's rights in the Property. Lender's actions may include paying
any sums secured by a lien which has priority over this Security Instrument, appearing in court, paying reasonable attomeys' fees and
entering on the Property to make repairs. Although Lender may take action under this paragraph 7, Lender is not required to do so.
Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this paragraph 7 shall become additional debt of Borrower secured by this Security
Instrument. Unless Borrower and Lender agree to other terms of payment, these amounts shall bear interest from the date of
disbursement at the Note rate and shall be payable, with interest, upon notice from Lender to Borrower requesting payment.
8. Refinancing. If at any time it shall appear to Lender that Borrower may be able to obtain a loan from a responsible
cooperative or private credit source, at reasonable rates and terms for loans for similar purposes, Borrower will, upon the Lender‘s
request, apply for and accept such loan in sufficient amount to pay the note and any indebtedness secured hereby in full.
Page 3 of 6 r
  , I

9. Inspection. Lender or its agent may make reasonable entries upon and inspections of the Property. Lender shall give
Borrower notice at the time of or prior to an inspection specifying reasonable cause for the inspection.
10. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, in connection with any
condemnation or other taking of any part of the Property, or for conveyance in lieu of condemnation, are hereby assigned and shall be
paid to Lender. In the event of a total taking of the Property, the proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security
Instrument, whether or not then due, with any excess paid to Borrower. In the event of a partial taking of the Property in which the
fair market value of the Property irmnediately before the taking is equal to or greater than the amount of the sums secured by this
Security Instrument immediately before the taking, unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing, the sums secured by this
Security Instrument shall be reduced by the amount of the proceeds multiplied by the following fraction: (a) the total amount of the
sums secured immediately before the taking, divided by (b) the fair market value of the Property immediately before the taking. Any
balance shall be paid to Borrower. In the event of a partial taking of the Property in which the fair market value of the Property
immediately before the taking is less than the amount of the sums secured hereby immediately before the taking, unless Borrower and
Lender otherwise agree in writing or unless applicable law otherwise provides, the proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by ’
this Security Instrument whether or not the sums are then due.
If the Property is abandoned by Borrower, or if, after notice by Lender to Borrower that the condemnor offers to make an award or '
settle a claim for damages, Borrower fails to respond to Lender within thirty (30) days after the date the notice is given, Lender is g
authorized to collect and apply the proceeds, at its option, either to restoration or repair of the Property or to the sums secured by this V
Security Instrument, whether or not then due. Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing, any application of proceeds to
principal shall not extend or postpone the due date of the monthly payments referred to in paragraphs l and 2 or change the amount
of such payments.
11. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time for payment or modification of
amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender to Borrower and any successor in interest of
Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of the original Borrower or Borrower's successors in interest. Lender shall not be
required to commerce proceedings against any successor in interest or refuse to extend time for payment or otherwise modify
amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any demand made by the original Borrower or Borrower's
successors in interest. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or remedy shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise
of any right or remedy.
12. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Co-signers. The covenants and agreements of this Security
Instrument shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender and Borrower, subject to the provisions of paragraph 16.
Borrower's covenants and agreements shall be joint and several. Any Borrower who co-signs this Security Instrument but does not
execute the Note: (a) is co-signing this Security Instrument only to mortgage, grant and convey that Borrower's interest in the
Property under the terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not personally obligated to pay the sums secured by this Security
Instrument; and (c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower may agree to extend, modify, forbear or make any accommodations
with regard to the terms of this Security Instrument or the Note without that Borrower's consent.
13. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by delivering it or by mailing it by
first class mail unless applicable law requires use of another method. The notice shall be directed to the Property Address or any
other address Borrower designates by notice to Lender. Any notice to Lender shall be given by first class mail to Lender's address
stated herein or any other address Lender designates by notice to Borrower. Any notice provided for in this Security Instrument shall
be deemed to have been given to Borrower or Lender when given as provided in this paragraph.
14. Governing Law; Severability. This Security Instrument shall be govemed by federal law. In the event that any provision
or clause of this Security Instrument or the Note conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this
Security Instrument or the Note which can be given effect without the conflicting provision. To this end the provisions of this
Security Instrument and the Note are declared to be severable. This instrument shall be subject to the present regulations of Lender,
and to its future regulations not inconsistent with the express provisions hereof. All powers and agencies granted in this instrument
are coupled with an interest and are irrevocable by death or otherwise; and the rights and remedies provided in this instrument are
cumulative to remedies provided by law.
15. Borrower's Copy. Borrower acknowledges receipt of one conformed copy of the Note and of this Security Instrument.
16. Transfer of the Property or a Beneficial Interest in Borrower. If all or any part of the Property or any interest in it is
leased for a term greater than three (3) years, leased with an option to purchase, sold, or transferred (or if a beneficial interest in
Borrower is sold or transferred and Borrower is not a natural person) without Lender's prior written consent, Lender may, at its
option, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument.
17. Nondiscrimination. If Borrower intends to sell or rent the Property or any part of it and has obtained Lender's consent to
do so (a) neither Borrower nor anyone authorized to act for Borrower, will refuse to negotiate for the sale or rental of the Property or
will otherwise make unavailable or deny the Property to anyone because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap, age, or
familial status, and (b) Borrower recognizes as illegal and hereby disclaims and will not comply with or attempt to enforce any
restrictive covenants on dwelling relating to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap, age or familial status.
18. Sale of Note; Change of Loan Servicer. The Note or a partial interest in the Note (together with this Security
Page 4 of 6
. L. .,.WL L,L Ll. L I

’ Instrument) may be sold one or more times without prior notice to Borrower. A sale may result in a change in the entity (known as
the "Loan Servicer") that collects monthly payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument. There also may be one or more
changes of the Loan Servicer unrelated to a sale of the Note. If there is a change of the Loan Servicer, Borrower will be given written
notice of the chance in accordance with paragraph 13 above and applicable law. The notice will state the name and address of the
new Loan Servicer and the address to which payments should be made.
19. Uniform Federal Non-Judicial Foreclosure. If a unifonn federal non-judicial foreclosure law applicable to foreclosure of
this security instrument is enacted, Lender shall have the option to foreclose this instmment in accordance with such federal
procedure.
20. Hazardous Substances. Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or release of any
hazardous substances on or in the Property. The preceding sentence shall not apply to the presence, use, or storage on the Property of
small quantities of hazardous substances that are generally recognized to be appropriate to normal residential uses and to maintenance
of the Property. Borrower shall not do, nor allow anyone else to do, anything affecting the Property that is in violation of any federal,
state, or local environmental law or regulation.
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of any investigation, claim, demand, lawsuit or other action by any
governmental or regulatory agency or private party involving the Property and any hazardous substance or environmental law or
regulation of which Borrower has actual knowledge. If Borrower learns, or is notified by any govemmental or regulatory authority,
that any removal or other remediation of any hazardous substance affecting the Property is necessary, Borrower shall promptly take
all necessary remedial actions in accordance with applicable environmental law and regulations.
As used in this paragraph "hazardous substances" are those substances defined as toxic or hazardous substances by environmental
law and the following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or toxic petroleum products, toxic pesticides and herbicides,
volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or formaldehyde, and radioactive materials. As used in this paragraph, "environmental
law" means federal laws and regulations and laws and regulations of the jurisdiction where the Property is located that relate to
health, safety or environmental protection.
21. Cross Collateralization. Default hereunder shall constitute default under any other real estate security instrument held by
Lender and executed or assumed by Borrower, and default under any other such security instrument shall constitute default
hereunder.
N ON -UN [FORM COVEN AN TS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
22. SHOULD DEFAULT occur in the performance or discharge of any obligation in this instrument or secured by this
instrument, or should any one of the parties named as Borrower die or be declared an incompetent, a bankrupt, or an insolvent, or
make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, Lender, at its option, with or without notice, may: (a) declare the entire amount
unpaid under the Note and any indebtedness to Lender hereby secured immediately due and payable, (b) for the account of Borrower
incur and pay reasonable expenses for repair or maintenance of and take possession of, operate or rent the property, (c) upon
application by it and production of this instrument without other evidence and without notice of hearing of said application, have a
receiver appointed for the Property, with the usual powers of receivers in like cases, (d) authorize and request Trustee to foreclose this
instrument and sell the Property as provided by law, and (e) enforce any and all other rights and remedies provided herein or by
present or future law.
23. The proceeds of foreclosure sale shall be applied in the following order to the payment of. (a) costs and expenses incident
to enforcing or complying with the provisions hereof, (b) any prior liens required by law or a competent court to be so paid, (c) the
debt evidenced by the Note and all indebtedness to Lender secured hereby, (d) inferior liens of record required by law or a competent
court to be so paid, (e) at Lender's option, any other indebtedness of Borrower owing to Lender, and (f) any balance to Borrower. At
foreclosure or other sale of all or any part of the property, Lender and its agents may bid and purchase as a stranger and may pay
Lender's share of the purchase price by crediting such amount on any debts of Borrower owing, to Lender, in the order prescribed i
above.
24. Borrower agrees that Lender will not be bound by any present or future laws (a) prohibiting maintenance of an action for a
deficiency judgment or limiting the amount thereof or the time within which such action may be brought, (b) prescribing any other
statute of limitations, or (c) limiting the conditions which Lender may by regulation impose, including the interest rate it may charge,
as a condition of approving a transfer of the Property to a new Borrower. Borrower expressly waives the benefit of any such state
law.
25. At the request of Lender, Trustee may foreclose this instrument by advertisement and sale of the property as provided by
law, for cash or secured credit at the option of Lender; such sale may be adjoumed from time to time without other notice than oral
proclamation at the time and place appointed for such sale and correction made on the posted notices; and at such sale Lender and its
agents may bid and purchase as a stranger; Trustee at Trustee's option may conduct such sale without being personally present,
through Trustee's delegate authorized by Trustee for such purpose orally or in writing and Trustee's execution of a conveyance of the
Property of any part thereof to any purchaser at a foreclosure sale shall be conclusive evidence that the sale was conducted by Trustee
personally or through Trustee's delegate duly authorized in accordance herewith.
Page 5 of 6

’ 26. Riders to this Security Instrument. lf one or more riders are executed by Borrower and recorded together with this
Security Instrument, the covenants and agreements of each rider shall be incorporated into and shall amend and supplement the
covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument as if the rider(s) were a part of this Security Instrument. [Check applicable box]
___ Condominium Rider ___ Planned Unit Development Rider _ Other(s) [specify]
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained in pages I through 6 of this Security
Instrument and in any rider executed by Borrower and recorded with this Security Instrument
l`
\...
j I Q Q Borrower Borrower
STATE OF OREGON
_ · s: ACKNOWLEDGMENT
coumv or [9{{§(/7;[Z 69
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this Q day of [ 2 2 Q ’( ,
30/Y ,b, _//0*2 [Qi/77 CK
(Name of Persons Acknowledging), _ [
M! do b¢'·/J    
[Notary Seal] Notary Public of and for the State of Oregon
My Commission expires /7** 5 ' O  
  "   OFFICIAL SEAL
;_\n j— jr; $HEL|.| COWLBECK
    NOTAFIY PUBLIGOREGON
’*‘ COMMISSION NO. 394572
MY COMMISSION EXPIFIES JULY 5, 2009 [
Page 6 of 6

