____,___,;T_,,_;_ _,_, ___,_-.,-l._.¢>.;l.L..Q..?;.L---.s,e ..... .L......-Q..—.J.......-..2.—.—..-----»-»-·-~»-»M------»—--—-~-.--~-·»—~-—--—-»— —---- --~-— ·-·--·-
e w · to     X
rgp,- lc%°—l—¤~L~ L L U lv N ér       e rr (
’ " DESCHUTES COUNTY OFFICIAL RECORDS   i
· NANCY BLRNKENSHIP , COUNTY CLERK  
RECORDATION REQUESTED BY: l
Columbia River Bank   ,  
Shavlin Center
925 SW Emkay Dr., Suite 100 ,
emu. on enoz *· I 77 2008’·02450200B008 
06/06/2008 02:51:04 Pll
WHEN RECORDED MAIL T0: H-DT Cntnl. $tn¤3 PG
°°'¤¤·¤‘¤ Ri"' B¤¤* $40.00 $11.00 $1.0 . 00 $5 .00
Madras Branch
P 0 Box O
Madras, OR 97741
SEND TAX NOTICES T0:
Stephen Schlam, Carol Schlam, Gary Webb and Patricia Webb
2339 NW Canyon Dr
Redmond OR 977 6 SPACE AB VE THIS LINE IS FOR RECORDEFPS USE ONLY
*0340*
DEED OF TRUST
THIS DEED OF TRUST is dated June 3, 2008, among Stephen Schlam, Carol Schl m, Gary Webb, and Patricia
Webb ("Grantor"); Columbia River Bank, whose address is Shevlln Center, 925 SW Emkay Dr., Suite 100, Bend.
OR 97702 (referred to below sometimes as ”Lender“ and sometimes as "Beneliciary"); and Amerititle. whose
address is 15 Oregon Ave, Bend, OR 97709 (referred to below as "Trustee”l.
CONVEYANCE AND GRANT. For valuable consideration, represented in the Note dated June 3, 2008, in the original principal amount or
$256,400.00, from Grantor to Lender, Grantor conveys to Trustee for the benefit of Lender as Beneficiary all OT Grantor's nght, title, and
interest in and to the tollowmg described real property, together with all existing or subsequently erected or affixed buildings, improvements and
fixtures; all easements, rights or way, and appurtenances; all water, water rights and ditch nghts (including stock in utilities with ditch or
irrigation rights); and all other riglhts, royalties, and profits relating to the real property, including without limitation all minerals, oil, gas,
geothermal and similar matters, lt e 'Real Property") located in Deschutes County, State of Oregon:
Lot Thirty·eight (38), CENTENNIAL GLEN, recorded February 15, 2005, in Cabinet G, Page 61 Z, Deschutes
County, Oregon.
The Real Property or its address is commonly known as Lot 38, Bend, OR 97702. The Real Property tax
identification number is Code No. 1-001 Map and Tax Lot Number 18 12 04CD 00139 Account No. 247734.
Grantor presently assigns to Lender (also known as Beneficiary in this Deed of Trust) all of Grantor's right, title,  nd interest in and to all present
and future leases ofthe Property and all Rents from the Property. In addition, Grantor grants to Lender a Uniform Commercial Code security
interest in the Personal Property and Rents. °
THIS DEED OF TRUST, INCLUDING THE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE RENTS AND PERSONAL PROPERTY,
IS GIVEN T0 SECURE lA) PAYMENT OF THE INDEBTEJNESS AND (B) PERFORMANCE OF ANY AND AU. OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTE,
THE RELATED DOCUMENTS, AND THIS DEED OF TRUST. THIS DEED OF TRUST IS GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE FOLLOWING TERMS:
PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall pay to Lender all amounts secured by this
Deed of Trust as they become due, and shall strictly and in a timely manner perform all of Grantor‘s obligauons under the Note, this Deed of
Trust, and the Related Documents.
POSSESSION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE PROPERTY. Grantor agrees that Grantor‘s possession and use of the Property shall be governed by
the following provisions:
Possession and Use. Until the occurrence ot an Event of Default, Grantor may (1) remain in possession and control ofthe Property; (2)
use, operate or manage the Property; and (3l collect the Rents from the Property. The following provisions relate to the use ot th 
Property or to other limitations on the Property. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON TRANSFERRING FEE
TITLE SHOULD INOUIRE ABOUT THE PERSON'S RIGHTS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS 197.352. THIS INSTRUMENT DOES NOT ALLOW USE OF
THE PROPERTY DESCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT IN VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAND USE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. BEFORE
SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INST RUMENT. Tl-IE PERSON ACQUIRING FEE TITLE T0 THE PROPERTY SHOULD CHECK WITH THE
APPROPRIATE CITY OR COUNTY PLANNING DEPARTMENT TO VERIFY APPROVED USES. T0 DETERMINE ANY LIMITS ON LAWSUITS
AGAINST FARMING OR FOREST PRACTICES AS DEFINED IN ORS 30.930, AND TO INOUIRE ABOUT THE RIGHTS OF NEIGHBORING
PROPERTY OWNERS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS 197.362.
Duty to Maintain. Grantor shall maintain the Property in tenantable condition and promptly perform all repairs, replacements, and
maintenance necessary to preserve its value.
Compliance llllith Environmental Laws. Grantor represents and warrants to Lender that: (1) During the period of Grantor‘s ovimership of
the Property, there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release ot any Hazardous
Substance by any person on, under, about or from the Property; (2l Grantor has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that there has
been, except as previously disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writin9» la) any breach or violation of any Environmental Laws,
(bl any use, generation, manutacwre, storage. treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance on, under,
about or from the Property by any pnor owners or occupants of the Property, or (cl any actual or threatened litigation or claims of any
kind by any person relating to such matters; and (3) Except as previously disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing. (al neither
Grantor nor any tenant, contractor, agent or other authorized user of the Property shall use, generate, manutacture, store, treat, dispose of i
or release any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from the Property; and (bl any such activrty shall be conducted in compliance
with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations and ordinances, including without limitation all Environmental Laws. Grantor
authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Property to make such inspections and tests, at Grant0r‘s expense, as Lender may deem
appropriate to determine compliance of the Property with this section of the Deed of Trust. Any inspections or tests made by Lender shall
be for Lender‘s purposes only and shall not be construed to create any responsibility or liability on the part of Lender to Grantor or to any `
other person. The representations and warranties contained herein are based on Grant¤r‘s due diligence in investigating the Property for ·
Hazardous Substances. Grantor hereby (1) releases and waives any future claims against Lender for indemnity or contribution in the
event Grantor becomes liable tor cleanup or other costs under any such laws; and (2) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
Lender against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or
suffer resulting trom a breach OT this section ot the Deed of Trust or  s a consequence of any use, generation, manufacture, storage,
disposal, release or threatened release occurring prior to Grantor's ownership or interest in the Property, whether or not the same was or
should have been known to Grantor. The provisions of this section or the Deed of Trust, including the obligation to indemnify and defend,
shall survive the payment ot the Indebtedness and the satisfaction and reconveyance ot the lien of this Deed of Trust and shall not be ·
affected by Lender‘s acquisition of any mterest in the Property, whether by foreclosure or otherwise.
Nuisance, Waste. Grantor shall not cause, conduct or permit any nuisance nor commit, permrt, or suffer any stripping of or waste on or to
the Property or any portion ofthe Property. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Grantor will not remove. or grant to any other
party the right to remove, any timber, minerals (including oil and gas), coal, clay, scona, soil, gravel or rock products without Lender‘s prior
written consent.
Removal of improvements. Grantor shall not demolish or remove any Improvements trom the Real Property without Lender‘s prior written `
Alter recording, relum to
éxmeriiitle
i 5 OREGON Av'1:NLlE, BENE

_ g?__;___M__,\________________,____________,_,____,__,,,_, .. ..,...--.....l........—_...........,_..,.,,..,__,_,_,,_______,,_,______,,__,,,,_,_,_,,_,_,_,_____,________________,____`___ ,.__,. ,..,,,.--...- ..... ..,,__ _____  
DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 95103 (Continued) Page 2
 
consent. As a condition to the removal of any Improvements, Lender may require Grantor to make arrangements satisfactory to Lender to
replace such Improvements with Improvements of at least equal value. ·
` Lender's Right to Enter. Lender and Lender's agents and representatives may enter upon the Re l Property at all reasonable times to attend
to Lender's interests and to inspect the Real Property for purposes of Grantor‘s compliance with the terms and conditions ot this Deed ot
Trust.
Compliance with Govemmantal Requirements. Grantor shall promptly comply with all laws, ordinances. and regulations, now or hereafter
in effect, of all governmental authorities applicable to the use or occupancy of the Property, including without limitation, the Amencans
With Disabilities Act. Grantor may contest in good faith any such law, ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during any
proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Grantor has notified Lender in writing prior to doing so and so long as, in Lender's
sole opinion, Lender's interests rn the Property are not ieopardized. Lender may require Grantor to post adequate security or a surety bond,
reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender's interest.
Duty to Protect. Grantor agrees neither to abandon or leave unattended the Property. Grantor shall do all other acts, in addition to those
acts set forth above in this section, which from the character and use of the Property are reasonably necessary to protect and preserve the
Property.
DUE ON SALE - CONSENT BY LHIIDER. Lender may, at Lender's option, declare immediately due and payable all sums secured by this Deed of
Trust upon the sale or transfer, without Lender‘s prior written consent, of all or any part of the Real Property, or any interest in the Real
Property. A "sale or transfer" means the conveyance of Real Property or any right, title or interest in the Reel Property; whether legal, beneficial
or equitable; whether voluntary or involuntary; whether by outright sale, deed, installment sale contract, land contract, contract for deed,
leasehold interest with a term greater than three (3) years, lease-option contract, or by sale, assignment, or transfer of any beneficial interest in
or to any land trust holding title to the Real Property, or by any other method or conveyance of an interest in the Real Property. However, this
option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited by federal law or by Oregon law.
TAXES AND LIENS. The following provisions relating to the taxes and liens on the Property are part of this Deed of Trust:
Payment. Grantor shall pay when due (and in all events prior to delinquency) all taxes, special taxes, assessments. charges (including
water and sewer), fines and irnpositions levied against or on account or the Property, and shall pay when due all claims for work done on or
for services rendered or material furnished to the Property. Grantor shall maintain the Property free of all liens having priority over or equal
to the interest of Lender under this Deed of Trust, except for the lien of taxes and assessments not due and except as otherwise provided
in this Deed of Trust.
Y Right to Contest. Grantor may withhold payment or any tex, assessment, or claim in connection with a good faith dispute over the
obligation to pay, so long as Lender's interest in the Property is not leopardized. lf a lien arises or is filed as a result of nonpayment,
Grantor shall within fifteen (15) days after the lien anses or, if a lien is filed, within fifteen (15) days after Grantor has notice of the filing,
secure the discharge of me lien, or if requested by Lender, deposit with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security
satisfactory to Lender in an amount sufficient to discharge the lien plus any costs and attorneys' tees, or other charges that could accrue
as a result of a foreclosure or sale under the lien. In any contest, Grantor shall defend itself and Lender and shall satisfy any adverse
iudgment before enforcement against the Property. Grantor shall name Lender as an additional obligee under any surety bond furnished in
the contest proceedings.
Evidence of Payment. Grantor shall upon demand furnish to Lender satisfactory evidence of payment of the taxes or assessments and shall
authorize the appropriate governmental official to deliver to Lender at any time a written statement of the taxes and assessments against
the Property.
Notice of Construction. Grantor shall notify Lender at leastfifteen (15) days before any work is commenced, any services are furnished, or
any materials are supplied to the Property, if any rnechanic‘s lien, materialmen's lien, or other lien could be asserted on account ot the
work, services, or materials. Grantor will upon request of Lender furnish to Lender advance assurances satisfactory to Lender that Grantor
can and will pay the cost of such improvements.
PROPERTY DAMAGE INSURANCE. The following provisions relating to insuring the Property are a part of this Deed of Trust.
Maintenance of Insurance. Grantor shell procure and maintain policies of fire insurance with standard extended coverage endorsements on
a replacement basis for the full insurable value covering all Improvements on the Real Property in an amount sufficient to avoid application
of any coinsurance clause, and with a st ndard mortgagee clause in favor of Lender. Grantor shell also procure and maintain
comprehensive general liability insurance in such coverage amounts as Lender may request with Trustee and Lender being named as
additional lnsurads in such liability insurance policies. Additionally, Grantor shall maintain such other insurance, including but not limrted to
hazard, business interruption, and boiler insurance, as Lender may reasonably require. Policies shall be written in form, amounts, coverages
and basis reasonably acceptable to Lender and issued by a company or companies reasonably acceptable to Lender. Grantor, upon request
or Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to time the policies or certificates or insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including
stipulations that coverages will not be cancelled or diminished without atleast ten (10) days pnor written notice to Lender. Each insurance
policy also shell include an endorsement provlding·that·coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired in any way by any act, omission or
default of Grantor or any other person. Should the Real Property be located In an area designated by the Director ofthe Federal Emergency
Management Agency as a special flood hazard area, Grantor agrees to obtain and maintain Federal Flood Insurance, if available, within 45
days after notice is given by Lender that the Property is located in a special flood hazard area, for the full unpaid principal balance of the
loan and any prior liens on the property securing the loan, up to the maximum policy limits set under the National Flood Insurance Program,
or as otherwise required by Lender, and to maintain such insurance TOT the temi of the loan.
Application of Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly notify Lender or any loss or damage to the Property. Lender may make proor of loss if
Grantor fails to do so within fifteen (15) days of the casualty. Whether or not Lender‘s security is impaired, Lender may, at Lender's
election, receive and retain the proceeds of any insurance and apply the proceeds to the reduction of the Indebtedness, payment of any lien
affecting the Property, or the restoration and repair of the Property. lf Lender elects to apply the proceeds to restoration and repair, Grantor
shall repair or replace the damaged or destroyed improvements in a manner satisfactory to Lender. Lender shall, upon satisfactory proof of
such expenditure, pay or reimburse Grantor from the proceeds for the reasonable cost of repair or restoration if Grantor ns not in default e
under this Deed of Trust. Any proceeds which have not been disbursed within 180 days after their receipt and which Lender has not
committed to the repair or restoration of the Property shall be used first to pay any amount owing to Lender under this Deed of Trust, then
to pay accrued interest,  nd the remainder, if any, shall be applied to the principal balance of the Indebtedness. lf Lender holds any
proceeds after payment in full of the Indebtedness, such proceeds shall be paid to Grantor as Grantoris imerests may appear.
Grantor's Report on Insurance. Upon request of Lender, however not more than once a year, Grantor shall furnish to Lender a report on
each existing policy of insurance showing: (1) the name or the insurer; (2) the risks insured; (3) the amount of the policy; (4) the
property insured, the then current replacement value of such property, and the manner of determining that value; and (5) the expiration
date of the policy. Grantor shall, upon request ol Lender, have an independent appraiser satisfactory to Lender determine the cash value
replacement cost of tha Property.
LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. lf any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lender's interest in the Property or if Grantor
tails to comply with any provrsion of this Deed of Trust or any Related Documents, including but not limited to Grantor‘s failure to discharge or
pay when due any amounts Grantor is required to discharge or pay under this Deed of Trust or any Related Documents, Lender on Grantor's
behalf may (but shall not be obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but not limited to discharging or paying all
taxes, liens, secunty interests, encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed on the Property and paying all costs for insunng,
maintaining and preserving the Property. All such expenditures incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes wlll then bear interest at die rate
charged under the Note from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Grantor. All such expenses will become e part or
the Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, will (A) be payable on demand; (B) be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned among
and be payable with any installment payments to become due during either (1) the term or any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the
remaining term of the Note; or (C) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Nota's maturity. The Deed of Trust
also will secure payment of these amounts. Such right shall be in addition to all other nglrts and remedies to which Lender may be entitled upon
Default. l
WARRANTY; DEFENSE OF TITLE. The following provisions relating to ownership of the Property are a part Of this Deed of Trust:
Trtle. Grantor warrants that: la) Grantor holds good and marketable title of record to the Property in fee simple, free and clear of all liens
and encumbrances other than those set forth in the Reel Property descnpuon or in any title insurance policy, title report, or final title opinion
issued in favor of, and accepted by, Lander in connection with this Dead of Trust, and (b) Grantor has the full right, power, and authority
to execute and deliver this Deed of Trust to Lender. ‘ {
l

_______ __;___,_,:____,___,_____,___.,,___,,_,_,,_,____,_____,....l.__-......;...............;.............,..L.--.....-.........,,.........._.....-...c.....--.-..,...-..--.---. ..». ....-.---........ .....  
7 DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 95103 · (Continued) _ Page 3
 
Defense of Title. Subiect to the exception in the paragraph above, Grantor warrants and wi¤ forever defend the title to the Property against
_ the lawful claims of all persons. ln the event any action or proceeding ls commenced that questions Grantoris title or the interest or
Trustee or Lender under this Deed of Trust. Grantor shall GGYBHG the action at Grantor's expense. Grantor may be the nomrnal party in
such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeifng by counsel of
Lender's own choice, and Grantor will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lender such instruments as Lender may request from time to
time to pennit such participation.
Compliance With Laws. Grantor warrants that the Property and Grantor's use of the Property complies with all existing applicable laws,
ordinances, and regulations of governmental authorities.
survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations, warranties, and agreements made by Grantor in this Deed of Trust shall
survive the execution and delivery of this Deed of Trust, shall be continuing in nature, and shall remarn in full force and effect until such
time as Grantor’s indebtedness shall be pald in full.
CONDEMNATION. The following provisions relating to condemnation proceedings are a part of this Deed of Trust: _
Proceedings. lf any proceeding in condemnation is filed, Grantor shall promptly notify Lender in writing, and Grantor shall promptly take
such steps as may be necessary to defend the action and obtain the award. Grantor may be the nominal party in such proceeding, but
Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be represented in .the proceeding by counsel of its own choice, and Grantor
will deliver or cause to be delivered to Lender auch instmrnents and documentation as may be requested by Lender from time to time to
permit such participation.
Application of Net Proceeds. If all or any part of the Property is condemned by eminent domain proceedings or by any proceeding or
purchase in lieu of condemnation, Lender may at its election require that all or any portion of the net proceeds of the award be applied to
the indebtedness or the repair or restoration of the Property. The net proceeds of the award shall mean the award after payment of all
reasonable costs, expenses, and attorneys' fees incurred by Trustee or Lender rn connection with the condemnation.
lMPOSl'l'l0N OF TAXES. FEES AND CHARGES BY GOVERNMEN'l'AL AUTHORITIES. The following provisions relating to govemmental taxes,
fees and charges are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Current Taxes, Fees and Charges. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall execute such documents in addition to this Deed of Trust and
take whatever other action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender’s lien on the Real Property. Grantor shall reimburse
Lender for all taxes, as described below, together with all expenses incurred in recording, perfecting or continuing this Deed of Trust,
including without limitation all taxes, fees, documentary stamps, and other charges for recording or regrstering this Deed of Trust.
Taxes. The following shall constitute taxes to which this section applies: (1) a specific tax upon this type of Deed of Trust or upon all or
any part of the indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust; (2) a specific tax on Gramer which Grantor is authonzed or required to
deduct from payments on the Indebtedness secured by this type of Deed of Trust; (3) a tax on this type of Deed of Trust chargeable
against the Lender or the holder of the Note; and (4} a specific tax on all or any portion of the Indebtedness or on payments of principal
and Interest made by Grantor.
Subsequent Taxes. lf any tax to which this section applies is enacted subsequent to the date of this Deed of Trust, this event shall have
the same effect as an Event of Default, and Lender may exercise any or all of its available remedies for an Event of Default as provided
below unless Grantor either (1) pays the tax before it becomes delinquent, or (2) contests the tax as provided above in the Taxes and
Liens section and deposits with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender.
SECURITY AGREEMENT; FINANCING STATEMENTS. The following provisions ralatlng to this Deed of Trust as a security agreement are a part
of this Deed of Trust: .
Security Agreement. This instrument shall constitute a Secunty Agreement to the extent any of the Property constitutes fixtures, and
Lender shell have all of the rights of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code as amended from trme to time.
Security Interest. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall take whatever action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender‘s
security interest in the Rents and Personal Property; ln addition to recording this Deed of Trust in the real property records, Lender may, at
any time and without further authorization from Gramer, file executed counterparts, copies or reproductions of this Deed of Trust as a
financing statement. Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all expenses incurred in perfecting or continuing this security interest. Upon
default, Grantor shall not remove, sever or detach the Personal Property from the Property. Upon default, Grantor shall assemble any
Personal Property not affixed to the Property in a manner and at a place reasonably convenient to Grantor and Lender and make it available
to Lender within three (3) days after receipt of written demand from Lender to the extant permitted by applicable law.
Addresses. The mailing addresses of Grantor (debtor) and Lender (secured party) from which information concerning the security interest
granted by this Deed of Trust may be obtained (each as required by the Uniform Commercial Code) are as stated on the first page of this
Deed of Trust.
FURTHER ASSURANCES; ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. The following provisions relating to further assurances and attomey-in·fact are a part of this
Deed of Trust: _
Further Assurances. At any time, and from time to time, upon request of Lender, Grantor will make, execute and deliver, or will cause to
be made, executed or delivered, to Lender or to Lender's desrgnee, and when requested by Lender. cause to be filed, recorded, reflled, or
rerecorded, as the case may be, at such times and in such offices and places as Lender may deem appropriate, any and all such mortgages.
deeds of trust, secunty deeds, security agreements, financing statements, continuation statements, instruments ot further assurance,
certificates, and other documents as may. in the sole opinion of Lender, be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate, complete, perfect,
continue, or preserve (ll Grantor‘s obligations under the Note, this Deed of Trust, and the Related Documents, and (2) the liens and  
security interests created by this Deed of Trust as first and prior liens on the Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by {
Grantor. Unless prohibited by law or Lender agrees to the contrary in writing, Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all costs and expenses l
incurred in connection with the matters referred tom this paragraph.
Attorney-in-Fact. lf Grantor fails to do any of the things referred to in the preceding paragraph, Lender may do so for and in the name of
Grantor and at Grantor's expense. For such purposes. Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints Lender as Grantoris attorney-in-tact for the
purpose of making, executing, delivering, filing, recording, and doing all other things as may be necessary or desirable, in Lender's sole
opinion, to accomplish the matters referred to lh the preceding paragraph.
FULL PERFORMANCE. lf Grantor pays all the indebtedness when due, and otherwise perfume all the obligations imposed upon Grantor under
this Deed of Trust, Lender shall execute and deliver to Trustee a request for full reconveyance and shall execute and defivar to Grantor suitable
statements of termination of any financingstatement on file evidencing Lender‘s security interest in the Rents and the Personal Property. Any
reconveyance fee required by law shall be paid by Grantor, if permitted by applicable law. y
EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Each of the following, at l.ender's option, shall constitute an Event of Default under this Deed of Trust:  
Payment Default. Grantor fails to make any payment when due under the Indebtedness.
Other Defaults. Grantor fails to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Deed of Trust
or in any of the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform `any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other
agreement between Lender and Grantor.
Compliance Default. Failure to comply with any other tenn, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Deed of Trust, the Note or in
any of the Related Documents. _ I
Default on Other Payments. Failure of Grantor within the time required by this Deed of Trust to make any payment for taxes or insurance,
or any other payment necessary to prevent filing of or to effect discharge OT any lien.
Default in Favor of Third Parties. Should Grantor default under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales
agreement, or any other agreement, lh favor of any other creditor or person that may materially affect any of Grantor's property or
Grantor's ability to repay the Indebtedness or perform their respective obligations under this Deed of Trust or any of the Related
Documents.
False Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or fumished to Lender by Grantor or on Grantor's behalf under this
Deed of Trust or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnrshed or
becomes false or misleading at any time thereafter.
Defective Collateralizatlon. This Deed of Trust or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full TMC8 and effect (including failure OT ~
Vi __' _ l

¢ .
_______·r _- ;__________.- .V,. L_,,“,__--___-...-L.~....~.”L.~.....,;..*.-...-¢..-..*c...__—.--..... ........ -......-...---....-$.
{ DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 95103 (Continued) Page 4
 
any collateral document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) et any time and for any reason.
Death or Insolvency. The death of Grantor, the insolvency of Grantor. the appointment or a receiver tor any part of Grantor's property, any
assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or
insolvency laws by or against Gr ntor.
Creditor or Forfeltura Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by iudicial proceeding, self-help,
repossession or any other method, by any creditor of Grantor or by any govemmental agency against any property securing the
Indebtedness. This includes a garnishment of any of Grantor‘s accounts, including deposit accounts, with Lender. However, this Event or
Default shall not apply if there is a good faith dispute by Grantor as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the
creditor or forfeiture proceeding and if Grantor gives Lender written notice or the creditor or torrelture proceeding and deposits with Lender
monies or a surety bond for the creditor or torrerture proceeding, in an amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an
adequate reserve or bond for the dispute.
Breach of Other Agreement. Any breach by Grantor under the terms or any other agreement between Grantor and Lender that is not (
remedied within any grace period provided therein, including without limitation any agreement concerning any indebtedness or other
obligation of Grantor to Lender, whether existing new or later.
Events Affecting Guarantor. Any or the preceding events occurs with respect to any Guarantor of any of the Indebtedness or any
Guarantor dies or becomes incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity or, or liability under. any Guaranty or the Indebtedness. In the
event or a death, Lender, at its option, may, but shall not be required to, permit the Guarantor's estate to assume unconditionally the
obligations arising under the guaranty in a manner satisfactory to Lender, and, in doing so, cure any Event of Default.
Adverse Change. A material adverse change occurs in Grantor‘s financial condition, or Lender believes the prospect or payment or
- performance of the Indebtedness is impaired.
insecurity. Lender in good faith believes itself insecure.
Right to Cure. lf any default, other than a default in payment is curable and if Grantor has not been given a notice or a breach or the same
provision or this Deed of Trust within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured if Grantor, arter receiving written notice from
Lender demanding cure or such derault: (1) cures the default within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than fifteen (15)
days, immediately initiates steps which Lender deems in Lender's sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter
continues and completes all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical.
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. If an Event of Default occurs under this Deed of Trust. at any time thereafter, Trustee or Lender may
exercise any one or more or the following rights and remedies: .
Election of Remedies. Election by Lender to pursue any remedy shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an electron to make
expenditures or to take action to perform an obligation of Grantor under this Deed of Trust, arter Grantor‘s failure to perform, shall not
affect Lender‘s right to declare a default and exercise its remedies.
Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender shall have the nght at its option without notice to Grantor to declare the entire Indebtedness immediately
due and payable, including any prepayment penalty which Grantor would be required to pay.
Foreclosure. With respect to all or any part of the Real Property, the Trustee shall have the right to foreclose by notice and sale, and
Lender shall have the right to toreclose by iudicral foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to the rull extent provided by
applicable law. If this Deed of Trust is foreclosed by iudicial foreclosure, Lender will be entitled to a iudgment which will provide that if the
foreclosure sale proceeds are insufficient to satisfy the iudgrnant, execution may issue for the amount of the unpaid balance ot the
iudgment.
UCC Remedies. With respect to all or any part of the Personal Property, Lender shall have all the rights and remedies or a secured party
under the Uniform Commercial Code. _
Collect Rants. Lender shall have the right, without notice to Grantor to take possession of and manage the Property and collect the Rents,
including amounts pest due and unpaid, and apply the net proceeds. over and above Lender's costs, against the Indebtedness. ln
mrtherance of this right. Lender may require any tenant or other user ot the Property to make payments or rent or use tees directly to
Lender. lf the Rents are collected by Lender, then Grantor irrevocably designates Lender as Grantor's attomey-in-fact to endorse
instruments received in payment thereof in the name of Grantor and to negotiate the same and collect the proceeds. Payments by tenants
or other users to Lender in response to Lender‘s demand shall satisfy the obligations for which the payments are made, whether or not any
proper grounds for the demand existed. Lender may exercise its rights under this subparagraph either ln person, by agent, or through a
receiver.
Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to take possession of all or any part or the Property, with the
power to protect and preserve the Property, to operate the Property preceding roreclosure or sale, and to collect the Rents from the
Property and apply the proceeds, over and above the cost of the receivership, against the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without
bond if permitted by law. Lendar's right to the appointment or a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the Property
exceeds the Indebtedness by a substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from sewing as a receiver.
Tenancy at Sufferance. If Grantor remains in possession ot the Property arter the Property is sold as provided above or Lender otherwise
becomes entitled to possession or the Property upon default of Gramer, Grantor shall become a tenant at sufferance or Lender or the
purchaser of the Property and shall, at Lender‘s option, either (1) pay a reasonable rental for the use ofthe Property, or (2) vacate the
Property immediately upon the demand of Lender.
Other Remedies. Trustee or Lender shall have any other right or remedy provided in this Deed of Trust or the Note or available at law or in
equity.
Notice of Sala. Lender shall give Grantor reasonable notice or the time and place or any public sale of the Personal Property or of the time
after which any private sale or other intended disposition or the Personal Property is to be made. Reasonable notrce shell mean notice
given at least fifteen (15) days betore the time of the sale or disposition. Any sale of the Personal Property may be made in conlunction
with any sale ofthe Heal Property. .
Sale of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Grantor hereby waives any and ell nghts to have the Property marshalled.
In exercising its rights and remedies, the Trustee or Lender shall be tree to sell all or any part or the Property together or separately, in one
sale or by separate sales. Lender shall be entitled to bid at any public sale on all or any portion ofthe Property.
Attorn•ys' Fees; Expenses. lf Lender institutes any suit or action to enforce-any of the terms or this Deed of Trust, Lender shall beentitled
to recover such sum as the court may adiudge reasonable as attomeys‘ fees at trial and upon any appeal. Whether or not any court action y
is involved, and ‘to the extent not prohibited by law, all reasonable expenses Lender incurs that in Lender’s opinion are necessary at any l
time for the protection of its interest or the enforcement of its rights shall become a part ot the Indebtedness payable on demand and shall
bear interest at the Note rate rrom the date or the expenditure until repaid. Expenses covered by this paragraph include, without limitation,
however subject to any limits under applicable law, Lender’s attomeys‘ fees and Lenderis legal expenses, whether or not there is a lawsuit,
including attorneys' tees and expenses for bankmptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or iniunction),
appeals, and any anticipated post-iudgment collection services, the cost or searching records, obtaining title reports (including foreclosure
reports), surveyore' reports, and appraisal fees, title insurance, and fees for the Trustee. to the extent permitted by applicable law. Grantor
also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums provided by law.
Flights of Trustee. Trustee shall have all ofthe rights and duties of Lender as set forth in this section.
POWERS AND OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE. The following provisions relating to the powers and obligations of Trustee are part or this Deed or
Trust:
Powers of Trustee. In addition to all powers of Trustee arising as a matter of law, Trustee shall have the power to take the following
actions with respect to the Property upon the written request of Lender and Grantor: la) IOID in preparing and filing a map or plat of the y
Real Property, including the dedication of streets or other rights to the public; (bl ioin m granting any easement or creating any restriction l
on the Real Property; and (c) loin in any subordination or other agreement affecting this Deed of Trust or the interest of Lender under this
Deed of Trust.
Obligations to Notify. Trustee shall not be obligated to notify any other party ot a pending sale under any other trust deed or lien, or or any
action or proceeding in which Grantor, Lender, or Trustee shall be a party, unless the action or proceeding is brought by Trustee.
  i

i . _ K
___ ,_____ ,,,;,.,_,,L ._,.. .,.-.---....-...._.._.-.t_...............,-..L-..._..,..._.....,...,_.,.4..,.s.,............---_.._—....,.......-.......-............-..-.......-,.......................}..
° DEED OF TRUST _
Lean Ne; saws (Continued) Page 5
 
Trustee. Trustee shall meet all qualifications required for Trustee under applicable law. In addition to the nghts and remedies set forth
above. with respect to all or any part of the Property, the Trustee shall have the right to toreclose by notice and sale, and Lender shall have
the right to toreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to the lull extent provided by applicable law.
Successor Trustee. Lender, at Lender's option, may from time to time appoint a successor Trustee to any Trustee appointed under this
Deed of Trust by an instrument executed and acknowledged by Lender and recorded in the office of the recorder of Deschutes County,
State ot Oregon. The instrument shall contain, in addition to all other matters required by state law, the names of the original Lender,
i Trustee, and Grantor. the book and page where this Deed of Trust is recorded, and the name and address of the successor trustee, and the
instrument shall be executed and acknowledged by Lender or its successors in interest. The successor trustee, without conveyance of the
Property, shall succeed to all the title, power, and duties conferred upon the Trustee in this Deed of Trust and by applicable law. This
procedure for substitution of Trustee shall govem to the exclusion of all other provisions for substitution.
NOTICES. Any notice required to be given under this Deed of Trust, including without limitation any notice of default and any notice ot sale
shall be given in writing. and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually received by telelacsimile (unless otherwise required by
law). when deposited with a nation lly recognized overnight courier, or, lf maded, when deposited in the United States mail, as first class.
certified or registered mall postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this Deed of Trust. All copies ot notices ot
foreclosure from the holder or any lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust shall be sent to Lender's address, as shown near the beginning
of this Deed of Trust. Any party may change its address for notices under this Deed of Trust by giving formal written notice to the other
parties, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the party's address. For notice purposes, Grantor agrees to keep Lender informed
at all times ol Grantor‘s current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if there is more than one Grantor, any notice given by
Lender to any Grantor is deemed to he notice given to all Grantors.
MlSCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Amendments. This Deed of Trust, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement ot the parties
as to the matters set torth in this Deed of Trust. No alteration ot or amendment to this Deed of Trust shall be effective unless given in
writing and signed by the party or parties sought to be charged or botmd by the alteration or amendment.
Annual Reports. lf the Property is used for purposes other than Grantor‘s residence. Grantor shall furnish to Lender, upon request, a
certified statement ot net operating income received trom the Property during Grantor's previous fiscal year in such form and detail as
Lender shall require. "Net operating income' shall mean all cash receipts rrom the Property less all cash expenchtures made in connection
with the operation of the Property.
Arbitration. Grantor and Lender agree that all disputes. claims and controversies between them whether lndlvldual, iornt, or class in nature.
arising from this Deed of Trust or otherwise. including without limitation contract and tort disputes, shall be arbitrated pursuant to the Rules
of the American Arbitration Association in effect at the time the claim is filed, upon request ot either party. No act to take or dispose of
any Property shall constitute a waiver of this arbitration agreement or be prohlblted by this arbitration agreement. This includes, without
llrnltatlon. obtaining injunctive rellet or a temporary restraining order: foreclosing by notice and sale under any deed of trust or mortgage;
obtaining a writ of attachment or imposition ot a receiver: or exercising any rights relating he personal property. including taking or
disposing of such property with or without judicial process pursuant to Artlcle 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code. Any disputes, claims, or
controversies concerning the Iawfulnese or reasonahlenessor any act, or exercise of any right, concerning any Property. including any claim
to rescind, reform, or otherwise rnodlfy any agreement relating to the Property. shal also be arbitratad, provided however that no arbitrator
shall have the nght or the power to enioln or restrain any act of any party. Judgment upon any award rendered by any arbitrator may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction. Nothing in this Deed of Tnrst shall preclude any party trom seeking equitable relief from a court ot
competent iunsdlction. The statute of limitations, estoppel. waiver, lashes, and similar doctrines which would otherwise be applicable in an
action brought by a pany shall he applicable in any arbitration proceeding. and the commencement of an arbitration proceeding shall be
deemed the commencement of an action for th•s• purposes. The Federal Arbitration Act shall apply to the construction, interpretation. and
enforcement of this arbitration provision.
Caption Headings. Caption headings ln this Deed of Trust are tor convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define
the provisions ot this Deed of Trust.
Merger. There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Deed ot Trust with any other interest or estate in the Property at
any time held by or for the benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent of Lender.
Governing Law. This Deed of Trust will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted by federal law,
tha laws of the State of Oregon without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. This Deed of Trust has been accepted by Lender in the
State of Oregon. I · -
Choice of Venue. If there is a lawsuit. Grantor agrees upon Lender's request to submit to the lurisdiction of the courts of Deschutes
County, State of Oregon.
Joint and Several Llabllty. All obligations of Grantor under this Deed of Trust shall be ioint and several, and all references to Grantor shall
mean each and every Grantor. This means that each Grantor signing below is responsible for all obligations in this Deed of Trust.
No Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Deed of Trust unless such waiver is given in writing
and signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any'nght shall operate as a waiver or such right or any
other right. A waiver by Lender of a provision ot this Deed of Trust shall not preiudice or constitute a waiver of Lender's right otherwise to
demand strict compliance with that provision or any other provision of this Deed of Trust. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any course ot .
dealing between Lender and Grantor, shall constitute a waiver ot any of Lendar‘s rights or of any of Grarrtor's obligations as to any future
transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this Deed of Trust. the granting ot such consent by Lender in any instance
shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be
granted or withheld in the sole discretion of Lender.
Severability. lf a court ot competent lurrsdiction finds any provision of this Deed of Trust to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any
person or circumstance, that Ending shall not make the offending provision illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any other person or
circumstance. lf feasible, the offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal, valid and entorceable. lf the
offending provision cannot be so modified, it shall be considered deleted from this Deed of Trust. Unless otherwise required by law, the
illegellty, invalidity, or unenforceability ot any provision or this Deed of Trust shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any
other provision of this Deed of Trust.
Successors and Assigns. Subiect to any limitations stated in this Deed ol Trust on transfer of Grantor‘s interest, this Deed of Trust shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties. their successors and assigns. If ownership of the Property becomes vested in a person
other than Grantor, Lender, without notice to Grantor, may deal with.Grantor's successors with reference to this Deed of Trust and the
Indebtedness by way of forbearance or extension without releasing Grantor from the obligations of this Deed of Trust or liability under the y
indebtedness. l
Time ls of the Essence. Time is or the essence in the performance ot this Deed of Trust.
Walve Jury. All parties to this Deed of Trust hereby waive the right to any jury trial ln any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by
any party against any other party. `
Waiver of Homestead Exemption. Grantor hereby releases and waives all rights and benefits of the homestead exemption laws ofthe State ’
of Oregon as to all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust.
Commercial Deed of Trust. Grantor agrees with Lender that this Deed of Tmst is a commercial deed or trust and that Grantor will not I
change the use of the Property without Lender's prior written consent.
DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized words and terms shall have the rollowing meanings when used in this Deed oi Trust. Unless
specifically stated to the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shell mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America. Words
and terms used in the singular shall include the plurel, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context may require. Words and terms not
otherwise defined in this Deed of Trust shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code: l
Beneficiary. The word "Beneficlary' means Columbia River Bank. and its successors and assigns.
Borrower. The word "Borrower" means Stephen Schlam, Carol Schlam, Gary Webb and Patricia Webb and includes all co-signers and
co—makers signing the Note and all their successors and assigns.
Deed of Trust. The words "Deed of Trust" mean this Deed of Trust among Grantor, Lender, and Trustee, and includes without limitation all

___,,,,;,,__,,_§ _________.._ _,.A, .. .--..——-——-———————····—L-—··~--~..-—;..-..-...,..§..,......._..---.........._.--..........-....i..-a..-........---. ..... --...- ...... -..--.-..-...-.I.
2 DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 95103 (Continued) Page 6
 
assignment and security interest provisions relating to the Personal Property and Rents.
Default. The word "DefauIt" means the Default set forth in this Deed of Trust in the section titled "Default'.
Environmental Laws. The words 'Environmental Laws' mean any and all state, federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances
relating to the protection of human health or the environment, mcluding without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. ('CERCLA'), the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 ("SARA”l, the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq.,
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or tederal laws, rules, or
regulations adopted pursuant thereto or intended to protect human health or the environment.
Event of Default. The words 'Event of Default" mean any of the events of default set forth in this Deed of Trust in the events of default
section of this Deed of Trust.
Grantor. The word 'Grantor" means Stephen Schlam, Carol Schlam, Gary Webb and Patricia Webb. l
Guarantor. The word "Guarantor' means any guarantor, surety, or accommodation party of any or all of the Indebtedness.
Guaranty. The word "Guaranty” means theguaranty from Guarantor to Lender, including without limitation a guaranty of all or part of the
Note.
Hazardous Substances. The words 'Hazardous Substances" mean materials that, because of their quantity, concentration or physical,
chemical or infectious characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when
improperly used, treated, stored, disposed of, generated. manufactured, transported or otherwise handled. The words 'Hazardous
Substances'  re used in their very broadest sense and include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or
waste as defined by or listed tmder the Environmental Laws. The term “Hazardous Substances" also includes, without limitation,
petroleum, including crude oil and any traction thereof and asbestos.
Improvements. The word "lmprovaments" means all existing and future improvements, buildings, structures, mobile homes affixed on the
Reel Property, facilities, additions, replacements and other construction on the Real Property.
Indebtedness. The word "lndebtedness" means The word 'Indebtadness“ means the indebtedness evidenced by the Note, or Related
Documents, including all principal and interest together with all other indebtedness and costs and expenses tor which Borrower is
responsible under this Agreement or under any of the Related Documents. Specifically, without limitation, indebtedness includes the future
advances set forth in the Future Advances provision, together with all interest thereon and all amounts that may be indirectly secured by
the Cross-Collateralization provision of the Agreement.
Lender. The word "Lender" means Columbia River Bank, its successors and assigns.
Note. The word "Note" means the promissory note dated June 3, 2008, in the original principal amount of $256,400.00 from
Grantor to Lender, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations ot, and substitutions for
the promissory note or agreement. 'l'l·•e maturity date of the Note is April 2, 2009.
Personal Property. The words "Personal Property" mean ell equipment, fixtures. and other articles of personal property now or hereafter
owned by Gramer. and now or hereafter attached or affixed to the Real Property; together with all accessions, parts, and additions to. all I
repl cements of, and all substitutions for, any of such property; and together with all proceeds (including without limitation all insurance
proceeds and refunds of premiums) from any sale or other disposition or the Property.
Property. The word "Property" means collectively the Real Property and the Personal Property.
Real Property. The words 'Reel Property" mean the real property, interests and rights, as further described in this Deed of Trust.  
Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental i
agreements, guaranties, secunty agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, secunty deeds. collateral mortgages, and all other instruments, T
agreements and documents, whether now or hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness. i
Rents. The word 'Rents" means all present and future rents, revenues, income, issues, royalties, profits, and other benefits derived from
the Property.
Trustee. The word 'Trustee" means Amerititle, whose address is 15 Oregon Ave, Bend, OR 97709 and any substitute or successor
trustees.
EACH GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THB DEED OF TRUST, AND EACH GRANTOR AGREES TO ITS
TERMS. _ .
eruxmon; / lx
, /
X   ’ X L C?/V5"? * ·
. · e   lam r S am
 / A m""\_
X · 4, n I Aw A
Gary We b Pa cia ebb
LENDER: "
COLUMBIA RIVER BANK
  .
Authorized  r
. L l

w__Mwu_;~___w_i_-_____~_________ I I _;____,___,_,_,_,_,_.;___.___...,........-............................-........~-...-.-.......»..... .... -.- .... -......—- .... -...-4»
. l I
l ‘ DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 95103. (c0H'IIII’1U6d) Page 7
 
 
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT
‘ _C `   ELIZABETH lvllRANDA
S*ATE °F   { uk ’ _'   Commission # 1572449 I
. _ lss g   Nolory Public - Colifomlo g
COUNTY OF S · ) I   Son Diego County E
I   MyComm.Expire·s Moy2I,2009
On this day betore me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally eppeare Gary Webb; and Patricia Webb, to
me known to be the individuals described ln and who executed the Deed of Trust, and acknowledged that they signed the Deed of Trust as their
tree and voluntary act and d, tor the uses and purposes therein mentioned. '_
Given under my hand ffl lseal this 5 +A- day of , > Q, Q {-— . 200 é . I
By Reeiding at U ~ K ,/7-KZ;
No Pu c in and for the State of CQ [ll Ec ( gl gx My oommisslon expires S2- 2 [ »- (2 E i
 
LENDER ACKNOWLEDGMENT
STATE OF I V
I SS
coumv OF I
On this dey of d k t b h , 20 , before me, the undersigned Notlary Pgblio, personally
appear an nown to me o e t e , aut orlze agent tor
Columbia River Bank that exewtad the within and foregoing instrument and acknowledged said instrument to be the free end voluntary act and
deed of Columbia River Bank, duly authorized by Columbia River Bank through its board of directors or otherwise, tor the uses end purposes
therein mentioned, and on oath stated that he or she is authorized to execute this said instrument and in tact executed this said instrument on
behalf ot Columbia River Bank.
By Residing at
Notary Public in and for the State of My commission expires
 
REQUEST FOR FULL RECONVEYANCE I
(To be used only when obligations have been paid in full) f
To: , Trustee
The undersigned is the legal owner and holder of all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust. All sums secured by this Deed of Trust have
been fully paid and satisfied. You are hereby directed, upon payment to you of any sums owing to you under the terms oi this Deed of Trust or
pursuant to any applicable statute, to cancel the Note secured by this Deed of Trust (which is delivered to you together with this Deed of Trust),
and to raconvey, without warranty, to the parties designated by the terms ot this Deed of Trust, the estate now held by you under this Deed of
Trust. Please mail the reconveyance and Related Documents to:
Date: Beneficiary:
I ¤v=  
Its:
· l

State of Oregon
County of Deschutes
This instrument was acknowledged before me on June 6, 2008 by Stephen M. Schlam
and Carol A. Schlam.
_»;:¢,, CYSFFICIALSE:-\rLjER   %}2géQfQ;   - ig  
sw   rmAAz .
  Nomnv Pusuc-onzoou 0t8l'Y Publlc fm OVGQ
  commrsslon no. seam
Mv  M rssnon Ex :  Nov. 11, 2009 My Commission expires 0,,/ i_/Oc?
  i

