  ' 3 ’ DESCHUTES COUNTY OF FICIRL RECORDS    
0\ NRNCY BLRNKENSHIP , COUNTY CLERK T
008171392'·08  023I520130133          
H-DT Cnt¤3 Stnsl BN
$05.00 $10.00 $11.00 $10.00 $5.00 g  gg
RECORDED BY CTC RRRR C
WESTERN TITLE & ESCROW CO.
$5 1 O
AFTER RECORDING, RETURN TO: OBDF Loan N0. 49-02-01
  OREGON ECONOMIC AND COMMUNITY
\ DEVELOPMENT DEPARTMENT
775 Summer St. NE, Suite 200
Salem, OR 97301-1280
TRUST DEED, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS,
SECURITY AGREEMENT, AND FIXTURE FILING
THIS TRUST DEED, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, SECURITY AGREEMENT, AND FIXTURE FILING
(this “Trust Deed") is made as of the 30 day of MQ, 2008, by CDO Properties, LLC, whose address is 62935
Layton Avenue, Bend, Oregon 97701, as grantor ("Grantor"), to Western Title and Escrow Company, having its office at
1345 NW Wall Street, Suite 200, Bend, OR 97701 ("Tmstee"), for the benefit of the State of Oregon acting by and
through its Economic and Connnimity Development Commission, having its office at 775 Summer St. NE, Suite 200,
Salem, OR 9730 1 -1280, as beneficiary ("Beneficiary"). The tax account number for the real property subject to this Trust
Deed is 160288.
WHEREAS, Beneficiary has offered to make a loan to Grantor in the sum of Three Hundred Thousand Dollars
($300,000.00), which loan is to be evidenced by a promissory note of even date herewith. The promissory note as
modified, supplemented, extended, renewed, or replaced from time to time is referred to below as the "Note". The loan, if
not sooner paid, is due and payable in full on June I5, 2028 ("Maturity Date"); and
WHEREAS, as a condition to the making of the loan to Grantor, Beneficiary has required, and Grantor has
agreed to execute and deliver, this Trust Deed.
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and for
the purpose of securing the Obligations described in Section 1.01 below, Grantor irrevocably grants, bargains, sells,
conveys, assigns, and transfers to Trustee in trust for the benefit and security ofthe Beneficiary, with power of sale and
right of entry and possession, all of Grantor's right, title, and interest in and to the real property located in Deschutes
County, State of Oregon, and more particularly described in Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein (the
"Property");
TOGETHER WITH all interests, estates, and rights that Grantor now has or may acquire in (1) the Property;
(2) any and all options, agreements, and contracts for the purchase or sale of all or any part or parts of the Property or
interests in the Property; (3) all easements, rights-of-way, and rights used in comiection with the Property or as a means
of access to the Property; and (4) all tenements, hereditaments, and apptntenances in any mamier belonging, relating, or
appertaining to the Property; and
TOGETHER WITH all interests, estates, and rights of Grantor, now owned or hereafter acquired, in and to any
land lying within any streets, sidewalks, alleys, strips, and gores adjacent to or used in connection therewith; and
TOGETHER WITH all rights, titles, and interests of Grantor, now owned or hereafter acquired, in and to any
and all buildings and other improvements of every nature now or hereafter located on the Property and all fixtures,
machinery, equipment, and other personal property located on the Property or attached to, contained in, or used in any
such buildings and other improvements, and all appurtenances and additions to and substitutions and replacements ofthe
Property (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to below as the "Improvements"); and
TOGETHER WITH any and all mineral, oil and gas rights, air rights, development rights, water rights, water
stock, and water service contracts, drainage rights, zoning rights, and other similar rights or interests that benefit or are
appurtenant to the Property or the Improvements or both, and any of their proceeds; and
TOGETHER WITH all present and future rights in and to the trade name by which all or any portion of the
Property and the Improvements are known; all books and records relating to the use and operation of all or any portion of
the Property and Improvements; all right, title, and interest of Grantor in, to, and under all present and future plans,
specifications, and contracts relating to the design, construction, management, or inspection of any Improvements; all
rights, titles, and interests of Grantor in and to all present and future licenses, pennits, approvals, and agreements with or
from any municipal corporation, county, state, or other govemmental or quasi-governmental entity or agency relating to
the development, improvement, division, or use of all or any portion of the Property or Improvements to the extent such
trade names, licenses, permits, approvals, and agreements are assignable by law; and all other general intangibles relating
to the Property, the Improvements, or their use and operation; and
TOGETHER WITH all rights of Grantor in and to any escrow or withhold agreements, title insurance, surety
bonds, warranties, management contracts, leasing and sales agreements, and service contracts that are in any way relevant

   
to the ownership, development, improvement, management, sale, or use of all or any portion ofthe Property or any ofthe
Improvements; and
TOGETHER WITH Grantor's rights under any payment, performance, or other bond in connection with
construction of any Improvements, and all construction materials, supplies, and equipment delivered to the Property or
intended to be used in comiection with the construction of any Improvements; and
TOGETHER WITH all rights, interests, and claims that Grantor now has or may acquire with respect to any
damage to or taking of all or any part of the Property or the Improvements, including without limitation any and all
proceeds of insurance in effect with respect to the Improvements, any and all awards made for taking by eminent domain
or by any proceeding or purchase in lieu thereof, ofthe whole or any part of the Property or the Improvements, and any
and all awards resulting from any other damage to the Property or the Improvements, all of which are assigned to
Beneficiary, and, subject to the terms of this Trust Deed, Beneficiary is authorized to collect and receive such proceeds,
to give proper receipts and acquittances for the proceeds, and to apply them to the Obligations secured by this Trust
Deed.
All of the above is sometimes referred to below as the "Trust Property".
TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the Trust Property to Trustee and its successors and assigns for the benefit of
Beneficiary and its successors and assigns, forever.
PROVIDED ALWAYS, that if all the Obligations (as defined in Section 1.01 below) shall be paid, performed,
and satisfied in full, then the lien and estate granted by this Trust Deed shall be reconveyed.
This Trust Deed, the Note, that certain loan agreement dated gg 2/} V {Q , 2008, by and between Grantor
and Beneficiary (as amended from time to time the "Loan Agreement") and all other agreements or instruments executed
at any time in connection therewith, as they may be amended or supplemented from time to time, are sometimes
collectively referred to below as the "Loan Documents."
TO PROTECT THE SECURITY OF THIS TRUST DEED, GRANTOR HEREBY COVENANTS AND
AGREES AS FOLLOWS:
ARTICLE I
Particular Covenants and Warranties of Grantor
1.01 Obligations Secured. This Trust Deed secures the following, collectively referred to as the
“Obligations":
(1) The payment of all indebtedness, including but not limited to principal and interest, and the
performance of all covenants and obligations of Grantor, under the Note, whether such payment and
performance is now due or becomes due in the future; and
(2) The payment and performance of all covenants and obligations in this Trust Deed, in the other Loan
Documents.
1.02 Payment of Indebtedness; Performance of Covenants. Grantor shall duly and punctually pay and
perform all of the Obligations.
1.03 Property. Grantor warrants that it holds good and merchantable title to the Property and the
Improvements, free and clear of all liens, enctunbrances, reservations, restrictions, easements, and adverse claims except
those specifically listed in Exhibit B. Grantor covenants that it shall forever defend Beneficiary's and Trustee's rights
under this Trust Deed against the adverse claims and demands of all persons.
1.04 Further Assurances; Filing; Reliling; Etc.
(1) Grantor shall execute, acknowledge, and deliver, from time to time, such fiuther instrtmients as
Beneficiary or Trustee may require to accomplish the purposes of this Trust Deed.
(2) Grantor, immediately upon the execution and delivery of this Trust Deed, and thereafter from time to
time, shall cause this Trust Deed, any supplemental security agreement, mortgage, or deed of trust and
each instrument of further assurance, to be recorded and rerecorded in such mamier and in such places
as may be required by any present or future law in order to perfect, and continue perfected, the lien and
estate of this Trust Deed.
(3) Grantor shall pay all filing and recording fees, and all expenses incident to the execution, filing,
recording, and acknowledgment of this Trust Deed; any security agreement, mortgage, or deed of trust
supplemental hereto and any instrument of further assurance_; and all federal, state, county, and
municipal taxes, assessments and charges arising out of or in connection with the execution, delivery,
filing, and recording of this Trust Deed, any supplemental security agreement, mortgage, or deed of
trust and any instrument of further assurance.
1.05 Compliance with Laws. Grantor further represents, warrants, and covenants that:
(1) The Property, if developed, has been developed, and all Improvements, if any, have been constructed
TRUST DEED (OBDF Loan No. 49-02-01)- CDO Properties, LLC
page 2

1
and maintained, in full compliance with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, regulations, and
codes of all federal, state, and local governments (collectively "Laws"), and all covenants, conditions,
easements, and restrictions affecting the Property (collectively "Covenants"); and
(2) Grantor and its operations upon the Property currently comply, and will hereafter comply in all
` material respects with all applicable Laws and Covenants.
1.06 Definitions; Environmental Covenants; Warranties and Compliance
(I) For purposes of this section, "Environmental Law" means any federal, state, or local law, statute,
ordinance, or regulation pertaining to Hazardous Substances, health, industrial hygiene, or
enviromnental conditions, including without limitation the Comprehensive Enviromnental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 ("CERCLA"), as amended, 42 USC "960l-9675, and the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 ("RCRA"), as amended, 42 USC "690l-6992.
(2) For the purposes of this section, "Hazardous Substance" includes without limitation, any material,
substance, or waste that is or becomes regulated or that is or becomes classified as hazardous,
dangerous, or toxic under any federal, state, or local statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, or law.
(3) Grantor will not use, generate, manufacture, produce, store, release, discharge, or dispose of on, under
or about the Property or the Property‘s groundwater, or transport to or from the Property, any
Hazardous Substance and will not pennit any other person to do so, except for such Hazardous
Substances that may be used in the ordinary course of Grantor's business and in compliance with all
Enviromnental Laws, including but not limited to those relating to licensure, notice, and
recordkeeping.
(4) Grantor will keep and maintain the Property in compliance with, and shall not cause or permit all or
any portion of the Property, including groundwater, to be in violation of any Enviromnental Law.
(5) Grantor shall give prompt written notice to Beneficiary of:
(a) Any proceeding, inquiry, or notice by or from any governmental authority with respect to any
alleged violation of any Enviromnental Law or the presence of any Hazardous Substance on the
Property or the migration of any Hazardous Substance from or to other premises;
(b) All known claims made or threatened by any person against Grantor or with respect to the
Property or Improvements relating to any loss or injury resulting from any Hazardous Substance
or the violation of any Enviromnental Law;
(c) The existence of any Hazardous Substance on or about all or any portion of the Property; or
(d) Grantor's discovery of any occurrence or condition on any real property adjoining or in the
vicinity ofthe Property that could in Grantor's judgment cause any restrictions on the ownership,
occupancy, transferability, or use of the Property under any Enviromnental Law.
(6) Grantor shall promptly provide to Beneficiary copies of all reports, documents, and notices provided
to or received from any agency administering any Environmental Laws. Beneficiary shall have the
right to join and participate, in its own name if it so elects, in any legal proceeding or action initiated
with respect to the Property or Improvements in connection with any Enviromnental Law and have its
attomey fees in comrection with such an action paid by Grantor, if Beneficiary determines that such
participation is reasonably necessary to protect its interest in the Trust Property.
(7) If, at any time, Beneficiary has reason to believe that any release, discharge, or disposal of any
Hazardous Substance affecting the Property or Improvements has occurred or is threatened, or if
Beneficiary has reason to believe that a violation of an Enviromnental Law has occurred or may occur
with respect to the Property or Improvements, Beneficiary may require Grantor to obtain or may itself
obtain, at Grantor's expense, an enviromnental assessment of such condition or threatened condition by
a qualified environmental consultant. Grantor shall promptly provide to Beneficiary a complete copy
of any enviromnental assessment obtained by Grantor.
(8) In the event that any investigation, site monitoring, contaimnent, cleanup, removal, restoration, or
other remedial work of any kind or nature (the "Remedial Work") is required under any applicable
Enviromnental Law, any judicial order, or by any govermnental agency or person because of or in
connection with, the current or future presence, suspected presence, release or suspected release of a
Hazardous Substance on, under, or about all or any portion of the Property, or the contamination
(whether presently existing or occurring after the date of this Trust Deed) ofthe buildings, facilities,
soil, groundwater, surface water, air, or other elements on or under any other property as a result of
Hazardous Substances emanating from the Property, Grantor shall, within 30 days after written
demand by Beneficiary for Grantor's performance under this provision (or such shorter period of time
as may be required under any applicable law, regulation, order, or agreement), commence and
thereafter diligently prosecute to completion, all such Remedial Work. All costs and expenses of such
Remedial Work shall be paid by Grantor including, without limitation, Beneficiary's reasonable
attorney fees and costs incurred in connection with monitoring or review of the legal aspects of such
Remedial Work. In the event Grantor shall fail to timely commence, or cause to be commenced, such
Remedial Work, Beneficiary may, but shall not be required to, cause such Remedial Work to be
TRUST DEED (OBDF Loan No. 49-02-Ol) — CDO Properties, LLC
page 3

I
performed. In that event, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Remedial Work shall
become part ofthe Obligations secured by this Trust Deed and shall bear interest until paid at the rate
provided in the Note.
(9) Grantor shall hold Beneficiary, its directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns,
harmless from, indenmify them for, and defend them against any and all losses, damages, liens, costs,
expenses, and liabilities directly or indirectly arising out of or attributable to any violation of any
Enviromnental Law, any breach of Grantor‘s warranties in this Section 1.06, or the use, generation,
manufacture, production, storage, release, threatened release, discharge, disposal, or presence of a
Hazardous Substance on, under, or about the Property, including without limitation the costs of any
required repair, cleanup, contaimnent, or detoxification of the Property, the preparation and
implementation of any closure, remedial or other required plans, attorney fees and costs (including but
not limited to those incurred in any proceeding and in any review or appeal), fees, penalties, and fines.
(10) Grantor represents and warrants to Beneficiary that:
(a) Neither the Property nor Grantor is in violation of or subject to any existing, pending, or threatened
investigation by any governmental authority under any Enviromnental Law.
(b) Grantor has not and is not required by any Environmental Law to obtain any permit or license
other than those it has obtained to construct or use the Improvements.
(c) To the best of Grantor's knowledge, no Hazardous Substance has ever been used, generated,
manufactured, produced, stored, released, discharged, or disposed of on, under, or about the
Property in violation of any Enviromnental Law.
(I I) All representations, warranties, and covenants in this Section 1.06 shall survive the satisfaction ofthe
Obligations, the reconveyance of the Trust Property, or the foreclosure of this Trust Deed by any
means.
1.07 Maintenance and Improvements. Grantor shall not permit all or any part ofthe Improvements to be
removed, demolished, or materially altered without Beneficiary's prior written consent; provided, however, that Grantor
may remove, demolish, or materially alter such Improvements as become obsolete in the usual conduct of Grantor's
business, if the removal or material alteration does not materially detract from the operation ofthe Grantor's business and
if all Improvements that are demolished or removed are promptly replaced with Improvements of like value and quality.
Grantor shall maintain every portion of the Property and Improvements in good repair, working order, and condition,
except for reasonable wear and tear, and shall at Beneficiary's election restore, replace, or rebuild all or any part ofthe
Improvements now or hereafter damaged or destroyed by any casualty (whether or not insured against or insurable) or
affected by any Condemnation (as defined in Section 2.01 below). Grantor shall not commit, permit, or suffer any waste,
strip, or deterioration of the Trust Property.
1.08 Liens. Grantor shall pay when due all claims for labor, materials, or supplies that if unpaid might
become a lien on all or any portion ofthe Trust Property. Grantor shall not create, or suffer, or permit to be created, any
mortgage, deed of trust, lien, security interest, charge, or encumbrance upon the Trust Property prior to, on a parity with,
or subordinate to the lien of this Trust Deed, except as specifically provided in Erdribit B.
1.09 Impositions
(1) Grantor shall pay or cause to be paid, when due and before any fine, penalty, interest, or cost attaches,
all taxes, assessments, fees, levies, and all other govermnental and nongovermnental charges of every
nature now or hereafter assessed or levied against any part ofthe Trust Property (including, without
limitation, levies or charges resulting from Covenants), or on the lien or estate of Beneficiary or
Trustee (collectively, the "Impositions"); provided, however, that if by law any such Imposition may
be paid in installments, whether or not interest shall accrue on the unpaid balance, Grantor may pay the
same in installments, together with accrued interest on the unpaid balance, as the same become due,
before any fine, penalty, or cost attaches.
(2) Grantor may, at its expense and after prior notice to Beneficiary, contest by appropriate legal,
administrative, or other proceedings conducted in good faith and with due diligence, the amount,
validity, or application, in whole or in part, of any Imposition or lien on the Trust Property or any
claim of any laborer, materialman, supplier, or vendor or lien, and may withhold payment ofthe same
pending completion of such proceedings if permitted by law, provided that (a) such proceedings shall
suspend collection from the Trust Property; (b) no part of or interest in the Trust Property will be sold,
forfeited, or lost if Grantor pays the amount or satisfies the condition being contested, and Grantor
would have the opporttmity to do so in the event of Grantor's failure to prevail in the contest; (c)
neither Beneficiary nor Trustee shall, by virtue of such permitted contest, be exposed to any risk of
liability for which Grantor has not furnished additional security as provided in clause (d) below; and
(d) Grantor shall have fumished to Beneficiary cash, corporate surety bond, or other additional
security in respect of the claim being contested or the loss or damage that may result from Grantor's
failure to prevail in such contest in an amotmt sufficient to discharge the Imposition and all interest,
costs, attomey fees, and other charges that may accrue in comrection with the Imposition. Grantor
shall promptly satisfy any final judgment.
(3) Grantor shall furnish to Beneficiary, promptly upon request, satisfactory evidence ofthe payment of all
Impositions. Beneficiary is hereby authorized to request and receive from the responsible
TRUST DEED (OBDF Loan No. 49-02-01)- CDO Properties, LLC
page 4

  ?
govemmental and nongoverrmrental persomrel written statements with respect to the accrual and
payment of all Impositions.
1.10 Books and Records; Inspection of the Property. Grantor shall keep complete and accurate records
and books of account with respect to the Trust Property and its operation in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles consistently applied. Grantor shall permit Trustee, Beneficiary, and their authorized
representatives to enter and inspect the Property and the Improvements, and to examine and make copies or extracts of
the records and books of account ofthe Grantor with respect to the Property and the Improvements, all at such reasonable
times as Beneficiary or Trustee may choose.
1.11 Limitations of Use. Grantor shall not initiate, join in, or consent to any rezoning of the Property or
any change in any Covenant or other public or private restrictions limiting or defining the uses that may be made of all or
any part of the Property and the Improvements without the prior written consent of Beneficiary.
1.12 Insurance
(1) Property and Other Insurance. Grantor shall obtain and maintain in full force and effect during the
term of this Trust Deed: (a) all risk property insurance together with endorsements for replacement
cost, inflation adjustment, malicious mischief and sprinkler damage coverage, all in amounts not less
than the full replacement cost of all Improvements, without reduction for co-insurance; (b)
comprehensive general liability insurance, including liabilities assumed under contract, with limits,
coverage, and risks insured acceptable to Beneficiary, and in no event less than $612,000.00 combined
single limit coverage; and (c) unless Beneficiary otherwise agrees in writing, rent loss or business
interruption insurance in an amount no less than the total amrual rents provided for in all leases for the
Trust Property. In addition, Grantor shall obtain and maintain all such other insurance coverage,
which at the time are commonly carried for similar property, in such amounts as Beneficiary may
require.
(2) Insurance Companies and Policies. All insurance shall be written by a company or companies
reasonably acceptable to Beneficiary with a rating of A VIII or better as provided in Best‘s Rating
Guide; shall contain a long fonn mortgagee clause in favor of Beneficiary with loss proceeds under
any policy payable to Beneficiary, subject to the terms of this Trust Deed and the rights of any superior
mortgagee or trust deed beneficiary or as provided in Section 6.10 below; shall require 30 days' prior
written notice to Beneficiary of cancellation or reduction in coverage; shall contain waivers of
subrogation and endorsements that no act or negligence of Grantor or any occupant, and no occupancy
or use of the Property for purposes more hazardous than permitted by the terms of the policy will
affect the validity or enforceability of such insurance as against Beneficiary; shall be in full force and
effect on the date of this Trust Deed; and shall be accompanied by proof of premiums paid for the
current policy year. Beneficiary shall be named as additional insured on all liability policies. Grantor
shall forward to Beneficiary, upon request, certificates evidencing the coverage required under this
Trust Deed and copies of all policies.
(3) Blanket Policy. lf a blanket policy is issued, a certified copy of such policy shall be furnished
together with a certificate indicating that the Trust Property and Beneficiary are insured under such
policy in the proper designated amount.
(4) Insurance Proceeds. All proceeds from any insurance on the Trust Property shall be used in
accordance with the provisions of Section 1.14.
1.13 Assignments of Policies upon Foreclosure. In the event of foreclosure ofthe lien of this Trust Deed
or other transfer of title, or assigmnent ofthe Trust Property in whole or in part, all right, title, and interest of Grantor in
and to all policies of insurance procured under Section 1.12 shall inure to the benefit of and pass to the successors in
interest of Grantor or the purchaser or grantee of all or any part of the Trust Property.
1.14 Casualty/Loss Restoration
(1) After the occurrence of any casualty to the Property, whether or not required to be insured against as
provided in this Trust Deed, Grantor shall give prompt written notice of the casualty to Beneficiary,
specifically describing the nature and cause of such casualty and the extent of the damage or
destruction to the Trust Property. Beneficiary may make proof of loss if it is not made promptly and to
Beneficiary's satisfaction by Grantor.
(2) Subject to the rights of any superior mortgagee or trust deed beneficiary as provided in Section 6.10
below, Grantor assigns to Beneficiary all insurance proceeds that Grantor may be entitled to receive
with respect to any casualty. Beneficiary may, at its sole option, apply the insurance proceeds to the
reduction of the Obligations in such order as Beneficiary may determine, whether or not such
obligations are then due, or apply all or any portion of the insurance proceeds to the cost of restoring
and rebuilding the portion of the Trust Property that was damaged or destroyed. In the event that
Beneficiary elects to apply the insurance proceeds to rebuilding and restoration, Beneficiary shall be
entitled to hold the proceeds, and the proceeds shall be released only on such terms and conditions as
Beneficiary shall require in its sole discretion, including but not limited to prior approval of plans and
release of liens. No proceeds shall be released if Grantor is in default rmder this Trust Deed.
1.15 Actions to Protect Trust Property; Reserves
(1) If Grantor shall fail to obtain the insurance required by Section 1.12, make the payments required by
TRUST DEED (OBDF Loan No. 49-02-01)- CDO Properties, LLC
page 5

1
Section 1.09 (other than payments that Grantor is contesting in accordance with Section 1.09(2)), or
perform or observe any of its other covenants or agreements under this Trust Deed, Beneficiary may,
without obligation to do so, obtain or pay the same or take other action that it deems appropriate to
remedy such failure. All sums, including reasonable attorney fees, so expended or expended to
maintain the lien or estate of this Trust Deed or its priority, or to protect or enforce any of Beneficiary's
rights, or to recover any indebtedness secured by this Trust Deed, shall be a lien on the Trust Property,
shall be secured by this Trust Deed, and shall be paid by Grantor upon demand, together with interest at
the rate provided in the Note. No payment or other action by Beneficiary rmder this section shall impair
any other right or remedy available to Beneficiary or constitute a waiver of any default.
WARNING
Unless Grantor provides Beneficiary with evidence of the insurance
coverage as required by this Trust Deed, Beneficiary may purchase insurance at
Grantor’ s expense to protect Beneficiary ' s interest . This insurance may , but
need not, also protect Grantor’s interest. If the collateral becomes damaged,
the coverage Beneficiary purchases may not pay any claim Grantor makes or any
claim made against Grantor . Grantor may later cancel this coverage by providing
evidence that Grantor has obtained property coverage elsewhere .
Grantor is responsible for the cost of any insurance purchased by
Beneficiary . The cost of this insurance may be added to Grant0r=s Loan balance .
If the cost is added to Grantor’ s Loan balance , the interest rate on the
underlying Loan will apply to this added amount . The effective date of coverage
may be the date Grantor=s prior coverage lapsed or the date Grantor failed to
provide proof of coverage.
The coverage that Beneficiary purchases may be considerably more expensive
than insurance that Grantor can obtain on its own and may not satisfy any need
for property damage coverage or any mandatory liability insurance requirements
imposed by applicable law .
(2) If Grantor fails to promptly perform any of its obligations under Section 1.09 or 1.12 of this Trust
Deed, Beneficiary may require Grantor thereafter to pay and maintain with Beneficiary reserves for
payment of such obligations. In that event, Grantor shall pay to Beneficiary each month a sum
estimated by Beneficiary to be sufficient to produce, at least 20 days before due, an amount equal to
the Impositions and/or insurance premiums. If the sums so paid are insufficient to satisfy any
Imposition or insurance premium when due, Grantor shall pay any deficiency to Beneficiary upon
demand. The reserves may be commingled with Beneficiary's other funds, and Beneficiary shall not
be required to pay interest to Grantor on such reseryes. Beneficiary shall not hold the reserve in trust
for Grantor, and Beneficiary shall not be the agent of Grantor for payment ofthe taxes and assessments
required to be paid by Grantor.
1.16 Estoppel Certificates. Grantor, within five days ofthe request, shall fumish Trustee and Beneficiary a
written statement, duly acknowledged, of the amount of the Obligations secured by this Trust Deed and whether any
offsets or defenses exist against such Obligations. If Grantor shall fail to fumish such a statement within the time
allowed, Beneficiary shall be authorized, as Grantor‘s attorney-in-fact, to execute and deliver such statement. Upon
request, Grantor shall also use its best efforts to obtain and deliver to Beneficiary a written certificate from each lessee of
all or any portion ofthe Property that its lease is in effect, that there are no defaults by the lessor under the lease, and that
rent is not paid more than 30 days in advance.
1.17 Financial Information. Grantor shall promptly fumish to Beneficiary any and all financial
information as Beneficiary shall reasonably request from time to time.
ARTICLE II
Condemnation
2.01 Condemnation
(1) Should any part of or interest in the Trust Property be taken or damaged by reason of any public
improvement, eminent domain, condemnation proceeding, or in any similar manner (a
"Condemnation"), or should Grantor receive any notice or other information regarding such action,
Grantor shall give immediate notice of such action to Beneficiary.
(2) Subject to the rights of any superior mortgagee or trust deed beneficiary as provided in Section 6.10
below, Beneficiary shall be entitled to all compensation, awards, and other payments or relief
("Condenmation Proceeds") up to the full amount of the Obligations, and shall be entitled, at its
option, to commence, appear in, and prosecute any Condemnation proceeding in its own or Grantor‘s
name and make any compromise or settlement in comiection with such Condenmation. In the event
the Trust Property is taken in its entirety by condermration, all Obligations secured by this Trust Deed,
at Beneficiary's election, shall become immediately due and collectible.
(3) Beneficiary may, at its sole option, apply the Condemnation Proceeds to the reduction of the
Obligations in such order as Beneficiary may determine, or apply all or any portion of the
Condenmation Proceeds to the cost of restoring and improving the remaining Trust Property. In the
event that Beneficiary elects to apply the Condenmation Proceeds to restoration and improvement, the
proceeds shall be held by Beneficiary and shall be released only upon such terms and conditions as
TRUST DEED (OBDF Loan No. 49-02-01)- CDO Properties, LLC
page 6

Beneficiary shall require in its sole discretion, including but not limited to prior approval of plans and
release of liens. No Condemnation Proceeds shall be released if Grantor is in default under this Trust
Deed.
ARTICLE III
Assignment of Leases, Rents, Issues, and Profits
3.01 Assignment. Grantor assigns and transfers to Beneficiary (1) all leases, subleases, licenses, rental
contracts, and other agreements, whether now existing or hereafter arising, and relating to the occupancy or use of all or
any portion ofthe Trust Property, including all modifications, extensions, and renewals thereof (the "Leases"), and (2) all
rents, revenues, issues, profits, income, proceeds, and benefits derived from the Trust Property and the lease, rental, or
license of all or any portion thereof; including but not limited to lease and security deposits (collectively, the "Rents").
This assignment is intended by Grantor and Beneficiary to create a present and tmconditional assigmnent to Beneficiary,
subject only to the license set forth in Section 3.04 below.
3.02 Rights of Beneficiary. Subject to the provisions of Section 3.04 below giving Grantor a revocable,
limited license, Beneficiary shall have the right, power, and authority to:
(1) Notify any and all tenants, renters, licensees, and other obligors under any ofthe Leases that the same
have been assigned to Beneficiary and that all Rents are to be paid directly to Beneficiary, whether or
not Beneficiary shall have foreclosed or commenced foreclosure proceedings against the Trust
Property, and whether or not Beneficiary has taken possession of the Trust Property;
(2) Discotmt, settle, compromise, release, or extend the time for payment oi any amounts owing under
any of the Leases and any Rents, in whole or in part, on terms acceptable to Beneficiary;
(3) Collect and enforce payment of Rents and all provisions ofthe Leases, and to prosecute any action or
proceeding, in the name of Grantor or Beneficiary, with respect to any and all Leases and Rents; and
(4) Exercise any and all other rights and remedies ofthe lessor in comrection with any ofthe Leases and
Rents.
3.03 Application of Receipts. Beneficiary shall have the right, power, and authority to use and apply any
Rents received under this Trust Deed (1) for the payment of any and all costs and expenses incurred in connection with
enforcing or defending the terms of this assignment or the rights of Beneficiary, and in collecting any Rents; and (2) for
the operation and maintenance of the Trust Property and the payment of all costs and expenses in comrection therewith,
including but not limited to the payment of utilities, taxes, assessments, govermnental charges, and insurance. After the
payment of all such costs and expenses, and after Beneficiary shall have set up such reseryes as it shall deem necessary in
its sole discretion for the proper management ofthe Trust Property, Beneficiary shall apply all remaining Rents collected
and received by it to the reduction ofthe Obligations in such order as Beneficiary shall determine. The exercise or failure
by Beneficiary to exercise any of the rights or powers granted in this assignment shall not constitute a waiver of default
by Grantor under this Trust Deed, the Note, or any of the other Loan Documents.
3.04 License. Beneficiary hereby grants to Grantor a revocable license to collect and receive the Rents.
Such license may be revoked by Beneficiary, without notice to Grantor, upon the occurrence of any event of default
under this Trust Deed, including any default by Grantor of its covenants in this Article III. Unless and until such license
is revoked, Grantor agrees to apply the proceeds of Rents to the payment ofthe Obligations and to the payment of taxes,
assessments, govermnental charges, insurance premiums, and other obligations in connection with the Trust Property, and
to the maintenance of the Trust Property, before using such proceeds for any other purpose. Grantor agrees to
(1) observe and perform every obligation of Grantor under the Leases; (2) enforce or secure at its expense the
performance of every obligation to be performed by any lessee or other party under the Leases; (3) promptly give notice
to Beneficiary of any default by any such lessee or other party under any ofthe Leases, and promptly provide Beneficiary
a copy of any notice of default given to any such lessee or other party; (4) not collect any Rents more than 30 days in
advance ofthe time when the same shall become due, or anticipate any other payments under the Leases, except for bona
fide security deposits not in excess of an amount equal to two months' rent; (5) not further assign or hypothecate any of
the Leases or Rents; (6) except with Beneficiary's prior written consent, not waive, release, or in any other manner
discharge any lessee or other party from any of its obligations under any ofthe Leases; (7) except with Beneficiary's prior
written consent, not modify or amend any ofthe Leases; (8) except with Beneficiary's prior written consent, not cancel,
terminate, or accept surrender of any of the Leases unless Grantor shall have entered into a Lease for the space to be
vacated on terms at least as favorable to Grantor, commencing within 30 days afier such cancellation, termination, or
surrender; (9) obtain Beneficiary's prior written approval as to the form and content of all future leases and any
modifications of any present or future leases; (10) deliver copies of all present and future leases to Beneficiary promptly;
and (l l) appear in and defend, at Grantor's sole cost and expense, any action or proceeding arising out of or in
connection with the Leases or the Rents. .
3.05 Limitation of Beneficiary's Obligations. Notwithstanding the assigmnent provided for in this
Article III, Beneficiary shall not be obligated to perform or discharge, and Beneficiary does not undertake to perform or
discharge, any obligation or liability with respect to the Leases or the Rents. This assignment shall not operate to place
responsibility for the control, care, maintenance, or repair ofthe Trust Property upon Beneficiary, or to make Beneficiary
responsible for any condition of the Property. Beneficiary shall be accountable to Grantor only for the sums actually
collected and received by Beneficiary pursuant to this assignment. Grantor shall hold Beneficiary fully harmless from,
indenmify Beneficiary for, and defend Beneficiary against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, and
expenses, including attorney fees, arising out of any ofthe Leases, with respect to any ofthe Rents, or in connection with
TRUST DEED (OBDF Loan No. 49-02-01)- CDO Properties, LLC
page 7

r
any claim that may be asserted against Beneficiary on account of this assigmnent or any obligation or undertaking alleged
to arise therefrom.
3.06 Termination. The assignment provided for in this Article III shall continue in full force and effect
until all the Obligations have been fully paid and satisfied. At such time, this assigmnent and the authority and powers
herein granted by Grantor to Beneficiary shall cease and terminate.
3.07 Attorney—in-Fact. Grantor irrevocably constitutes and appoints Beneficiary, and each of its officers,
as its true and lawfully attorney-in-fact, with power of substitution, to undertake and execute any and all of the rights,
powers, and authorities described in this Article III with the same force and effect as if undertaken or performed by
Grantor, and Grantor ratifies and confirms any and all such actions that may be taken or omitted to be taken by
Beneficiary, its employees, agents, and attorneys.
ARTICLE IV
Security Agreement and Fixture Filing
To secure the Obligations, Grantor grants to Beneficiary a security interest in the following: (1) the Trust
Property to the extent the same is not encumbered by this Trust Deed as a real estate lien; (2) all personal property that is
used or will be used in the construction of any Improvements on the Trust Property; (3) all personal property that is now
or will hereafter be placed on or in the Trust Property or Improvements; (4) all personal property that is derived from or
used in comrection with the use, occupancy, or enjoyment ofthe Trust Property; (5) all property defined in the Uniform
Cornrnercial Code as adopted in the state of Oregon, as accounts, equipment, fixtures, and general intangibles, to the
extent the same are used at, or arise in connection with the ownership, maintenance, or operation of, the Trust Property;
(6) all causes of action, claims, security deposits, advance rental payments, utility deposits, refunds of fees or deposits
paid to any govermnental authority, reftmds of taxes, and refunds of insurance premiums relating to the Trust Property;
and (7) all present and future attachments, accessions, amendments, replacements, additions, products, and proceeds of
every nature of the foregoing. This Trust Deed shall constitute a security agreement and "fixture filing" under the
Uniform Commercial Code secured transactions statutes ofthe State of Oregon. The mailing address of Grantor and the
address of Beneficiary from which information may be obtained are set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Trust
Deed.
ARTICLE V
Events of Default; Remedies
5.01 Events of Default. Each ofthe following shall constitute an event of default under this Trust Deed and
under each of the other Loan Documents:
(l) N onpayment. Failure of Grantor to pay any of the Obligations on or before the due date thereof or
within any applicable grace period.
(2) Breach of Other Covenants. Failure of Grantor to perform or abide by any other covenant included
in the Obligations, including without limitation those covenants in the Note, in this Trust Deed, or in
any other Loan Document.
(3) Misinformation. F alsity when made in any material respect of any representation, warranty, or
information furnished by Grantor or its agents to Beneficiary in or in comrection with any of the
Obligations.
(4) Other Default. The occurrence of any other event of default under the Note or any of the other
Obligations.
(5) Other Indebtedness, Secondary Financing. Grantor's default beyond the applicable grace periods in .
the payment of any other indebtedness owed by Grantor to any person, if such indebtedness is secured
by all or any portion of the Trust Property.
(6) Bankruptcy. The occurrence of any of the following with respect to Grantor, any guarantor of the
Obligations, or the then-owner of the Trust Property: (a) appointment of a receiver, liquidator, or
trustee for any such party or any of its properties; (b) adjudication as a bankrupt or insolvent; (c) filing
of any petition by or against any such party under any state or federal bankruptcy, reorganization,
moratorium or insolvency law; (d) institution of any proceeding for dissolution or liquidation;
(e) inability to pay debts when due; (f) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or
(g) abandonment of the Trust Property.
(7) Transfer; Due-on-Sale; Due—on-Encumbrance. Any sale, gift, conveyance, contract for
conveyance, transfer, assigmnent, encumbrance, pledge, or grant of a security interest in all or any part
of the Trust Property, or any interest therein, either voltmtarily, involuntarily, or by the operation of
law (a "Transfer"), without Beneficiary's prior written consent, shall constitute an event of default. For
the ptupose of clarification, and without limiting the generality ofthe foregoing, the occurrence at any
time of any sale, conveyance, assigmnent, or other transfer of or the grant of a pledge of or security
interest in, any shares of the capital stock of or equity interest in Grantor shall be deemed to be a
Transfer in violation of this paragraph. The provisions of this subsection (7) shall apply to each and
. every Transfer, regardless of whether or not Beneficiary has consented or waived its rights in
TRUST DEED (OBDF Loan No. 49-02-Ol) — CDO Properties, LLC
page 8

  } 
connection with any previous Transfer. Beneficiary may attach such conditions to its consent under
this subsection (7) as Beneficiary may determine in its sole discretion, including without limitation an
increase in the interest rate or the payment of transfer or assumption fees, and the payment of
administrative and legal fees and costs incurred by Beneficiary.
(8) Certain Taxes. For purposes of this subsection (8), State Tax shall mean:
(a) A specific tax on mortgages, trust deeds, secured indebtedness, or any part of the Obligations
secured by this Trust Deed.
(b) A specific tax on the grantor of property subject to a trust deed that the taxpayer is authorized or
required to deduct from payments on the trust deed.
(c) A tax on property chargeable against Beneficiary or Trustee under a trust deed or holder ofthe
note secured by the trust deed.
(d) A specific tax (other than an income tax or a gross receipts tax) on all or any portion of the
Obligations or on payments of principal and interest made by Grantor.
lf any State Tax is enacted after the date of this Trust Deed applicable to this Trust Deed, enactment of the
State Tax shall constitute an event of default, unless the following conditions are met:
(a) Grantor may lawfully pay the tax or charge imposed by the State Tax without causing any
resulting economic disadvantage or increase of tax to Beneficiary or Trustee, and
(b) Grantor pays or agrees in writing to pay the tax or charge within 30 days after notice from
Beneficiary or Trustee that the State Tax has been enacted.
5.02 Remedies in Case of Default. If an Event of Default shall occur, Beneficiary or Trustee may exercise
any one or more of the following rights and remedies, in addition to any other remedies that may be available by law, in
equity, or otherwise:
(1) Acceleration. Beneficiary may declare all or any portion of the Obligations immediately due and
payable.
(2) Receiver. Beneficiary may have a receiver appointed for the Trust Property. Beneficiary shall be
entitled to the appointment of a receiver as a matter of right whether or not the apparent value of the
Trust Property exceeds the amount ofthe indebtedness secured by this Trust Deed. Employment by
Trustee or Beneficiary shall not disqualify a person from serving as receiver. Grantor consents to the
appointment of a receiver at Beneficiary's option and waives any and all defenses to such an
appointment.
(3) Possession. Beneficiary may, either through a receiver or as lender-in—possession, enter and take
possession of all or any part of the Trust Property and use, operate, manage, and control it as
Beneficiary shall deem appropriate in its sole discretion. Upon request after an Event of Default,
Grantor shall peacefully relinquish possession and control ofthe Trust Property to Beneficiary or any
receiver appointed under this Trust Deed.
(4) Rents. Beneficiary may revoke Grantor's right to collect the Rents, and may, either itself or through a
receiver, collect the same. Beneficiary shall not be deemed to be in possession ofthe Property solely
by reason of exercise of the rights contained in this subsection (4). If Rents are collected by
Beneficiary under this subsection (4), Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints Beneficiary as Grantor's
attomey-in-fact, with power of substitution, to endorse instruments received in payment thereof in the
name of Grantor and to negotiate such instruments and collect their proceeds. After payment of all
Obligations, any remaining amotmts shall be paid to Grantor and this power shall terminate.
(5) Power of Sale. Beneficiary may direct Trustee, and Trustee shall be empowered, to foreclose the
Property by advertisement and sale under applicable law.
(6) Foreclosure. Beneficiary may judicially foreclose this Trust Deed and obtain a judgment foreclosing
Grantor's interest in all or any part of the Property and giving Beneficiary the right to collect any
deficiency remaining due after disposition of the Trust Property.
(7) Fixtures and Personal Property. With respect to any Improvements and other personal property
subject to a security interest in favor of Beneficiary, Beneficiary may exercise any and all ofthe rights
and remedies of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code.
(8) Abandonment. Beneficiary may abandon all or any portion ofthe Trust Property by written notice to
Grantor.
5.03 Sale. In any sale under this Trust Deed or pursuant to any judgment, the Trust Property, to the extent
permitted by law, may be sold as an entirety or in one or more parcels and in such order as Beneficiary may elect, without
regard to the right of Grantor, any person claiming under Grantor, or any guarantor or surety to the rnarshallirrg of assets.
The purchaser at any such sale shall take title to the Trust Property or the part thereof so sold, free and clear ofthe estate
TRUST DEED (OBDF Loan No. 49-02-01) — CDO Properties, LLC
page 9

of Grantor, the purchaser being hereby discharged from all liability to see to the application ofthe purchase money. Any
person, including Beneficiary, its officers, agents, and employees, may purchase at any such sale. Beneficiary and each
of its officers are irrevocably appointed Grantor's attomey-in-fact, with power of substitution, to make all appropriate
transfers and deliveries of the Trust Property or any portions thereof so sold and, for that purpose, Beneficiary and its
officers may execute all appropriate instruments of transfer. Nevertheless, Grantor shall ratify and confirm, or cause to
be ratified and confirmed, any such sale or sales by executing and delivering, or by causing to be executed and delivered,
to Beneficiary or to such purchaser or purchasers all such instruments as may be advisable, in the judgment of
Beneficiary, for such purpose.
5.04 Cumulative Remedies. All remedies under this Trust Deed are cumulative and not exclusive. Any
election to pursue one remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. An election by Beneficiary to cure
under Section 1.15 shall not constitute a waiver ofthe default or of any ofthe remedies provided in this Trust Deed. No
delay or omission in exercising any right or remedy shall impair the full exercise of that or any other right or remedy or
constitute a waiver of the default.
5.05 Receiver or Trustee-in-Possession. Upon taking possession of all or any part ofthe Trust Property,
Trustee, Beneficiary, or a receiver may:
(1) Management. Use, operate, manage, control, and conduct business with the Trust Property and make
expenditures for such purposes and for such maintenance and improvements as are deemed reasonably
necessary.
(2) Rents and Revenues. Collect all rents, revenues, income, issues, and profits from the Trust Property
and apply such sums to the reasonable expenses of use, operation, management, maintenance, and
improvements.
(3) Construction. At its option, complete any construction in progress on the Property, and in that
connection pay bills, borrow funds, employ contractors, and make any changes in plans and
specifications as it deems appropriate.
(4) Additional Indebtedness. If the revenues produced by the Trust Property are insufficient to pay
expenses, Beneficiary, Trustee, or the receiver may borrow or advance such sums upon such terms as it
deems reasonably necessary for the purposes stated in this section. All advances shall bear interest,
unless otherwise provided, at the rate set forth in the Note, and repayment of such sums shall be
secured by this Trust Deed.
5.06 Application of Proceeds. All proceeds realized from the exercise ofthe rights and remedies under this
Section 5 shall be applied as follows:
(l) Costs and Expenses. To pay all costs of exercising such rights and remedies, including the costs of
maintaining and preserving the Trust Property, the costs and expenses of any receiver or lender-in-
possession, the costs of any sale, and the costs and expenses provided for in Section 6.07 below.
(2) Indebtedness. To pay all Obligations, in such order as Beneficiary shall determine in its sole
discretion.
(3) Surplus. The surplus, if any, remaining after satisfaction of all the Obligations shall be paid to the
clerk of the court in the case of a judicial foreclosure proceeding, otherwise to the person or persons
legally entitled to the surplus.
5.07 Deficiency. No sale or other disposition of all or any part of the Trust Property pursuant to this
Section 5 shall be deemed to relieve Grantor of any ofthe Obligations, except to the extent that the proceeds are applied
to the payment of such Obligations. If the proceeds of a sale, a collection, or other realization of or upon the Trust
Property are insufficient to cover the costs and expenses of such realization and the payment in full of the Obligations,
Grantor shall remain liable for any deficiency to the fullest extent permitted by law.
5.08 Waiver of Stay, Extension, Moratorium, and Valuation Laws. To the fullest extent permitted by
law, Grantor waives the benefit of any existing or future stay, extension, or moratorium law that may affect observance or
performance ofthe provisions of this Trust Deed and any existing or future law providing for the valuation or appraisal of
the Trust Property prior to any sale.
ARTICLE VI
General Provisions
6.01 Time is of the Essence. Time is ofthe essence with respect to all covenants and obligations of Grantor
under this Trust Deed.
6.02 Reconveyance by Trustee. At any time upon the request of Beneficiary, payment of Trustee's fees, if
any, and presentation of this Trust Deed, without affecting liability of any persons for the payment ofthe Obligations,
Trustee may reconvey, without warranty, all or any part ofthe Trust Property. The grantee in any reconveyance may be
described as the "person or persons legally entitled thereto," and the recitals therein of any facts shall be conclusive proof
of the truthfulness thereof
TRUST DEED (OBDF Loan No. 49·02-01)- CDO Properties, LLC
page 10

r
6.03 Notice. Except as otherwise provided in this Trust Deed, all notices pertaining to this Trust Deed shall
be in writing and may be delivered by hand, or mailed by first class, registered, or certified mail, retimr-receipt requested,
postage prepaid, and addressed to the appropriate party at its address set forth at the outset of this Trust Deed. Any party
may change its address for such notices from time to time by notice to the other parties. Notices given by mail in
accordance with this paragraph shall be deemed to have been given upon the date of mailing; notices given by hand shall
be deemed to have been given when actually received.
6.04 Substitute Trustee. In the event of dissolution or resignation of Trustee, Beneficiary may substitute
one or more trustees to execute the trust hereby created, and the new trustee(s) shall succeed to all the powers and duties
of the prior trustee(s).
6.05 Trust Deed Binding on Successors and Assigns. This Trust Deed shall be binding upon and irrure to
the benefit of the successors and assigns of Grantor, Trustee, and Beneficiary. If the Trust Property or any portion
thereof shall at any time be vested in any person other than Grantor, Beneficiary shall have the right to deal with such
successor regarding this Trust Deed, the Trust Property, and the Obligations in such mamrer as Beneficiary deems
appropriate in its sole discretion, without notice to or approval by Grantor and without impairing Grantor's liability for
the Obligations.
6.06 Indemnity. Grantor shall hold Beneficiary and Trustee and their respective directors, officers,
employees, agents, and attomeys, harmless from and indemnify them for any and all claims, demands, damages,
liabilities, and expenses, including but not limited to attomey fees and court costs, arising out of or in comrection with
Trustee's or Beneficiary's interest under this Trust Deed, except Grantor shall not be liable for acts performed by
Beneficiary or Trustee in violation of applicable law.
6.07 Expenses and Attorney Fees. If Beneficiary refers any ofthe Obligations to an attorney for collection
or seeks legal advice following a default; if Beneficiary is the prevailing party in any litigation instituted in connection
with any of the Obligations; or if Beneficiary or any other person initiates any judicial or non-judicial action, suit, or
proceeding in comrection with any of the Obligations or the Trust Property (including but not limited to proceedings
under federal bankruptcy law, eminent domain, under probate proceedings, or in comrection with any state or federal tax
lien), and an attorney is employed by Beneficiary to (1) appear in any such action, suit, or proceeding, or (2) reclaim,
seek relief from a judicial or statutory stay, sequester, protect, preserve, or enforce Beneficiary's interests, then in any
such event Grantor shall pay reasonable attomey fees, costs, and expenses incurred by Beneficiary or its attorney in
comrection with the above-mentioned events or any appeals related to such events, including but not limited to costs
incurred in searching records, the cost of title reports, and the cost of surveyors' reports. Such amounts shall be secured
by this Trust Deed and, if not paid upon demand, shall bear interest at the rate specified in the Note.
6.08 Applicable Law. The Trust Deed and the validity, interpretation, perfonnance, and enforcement ofthe
Trust Deed shall be govemed by the laws of the State of Oregon.
6.09 Captions. The captions to the sections and paragraphs of this Trust Deed are included only for the
convenience ofthe parties and shall not have the effect of defining, diminishing, or enlarging the rights ofthe parties or
affecting the construction or interpretation of any portion of this Trust Deed. _
6.10 Rights of Prior Mortgagee. In the event that all or any portion ofthe Trust Property is subject to a
superior mortgage or trust deed specifically permitted under Exhibit B, the rights of Beneficiary with respect to insurance
and condemnation proceeds as provided in Sections 1.14 and 2.01, and all other rights granted under this Trust Deed that
have also been granted to such a superior mortgagee or trust deed beneficiary, shall be subject to the rights ofthe superior
mortgagee or trust deed beneficiary. Grantor hereby authorizes all such superior mortgagees and beneficiaries, on
satisfaction of the indebtedness secured by their mortgage or trust deed, to remit all remaining insurance or
Condemnation proceeds and all other sums held by them to Beneficiary to be applied in accordance with this Trust Deed.
6.11 Person Defined. As used in this Trust Deed, the word person shall mean any natural person,
partnership, trust, corporation, or other legal entity of any nature.
6.12 Severability. If any provision of this Trust Deed shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable,
such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Trust Deed, and such other
provisions shall be construed as if the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision had never been contained in the Trust
Deed.
6.13 Entire Agreement. This Trust Deed contains the entire agreement ofthe parties with respect to the
Trust Property. No prior agreement, statement, or promise made by any party to this Trust Deed that is not contained
herein shall be binding or valid.
6.14 Commercial Property. Grantor covenants and warrants that the Property and Improvements are used
by Grantor exclusively for business and commercial purposes. Grantor also covenants and warrants that the Property and
Improvements are not now, and at no time in the future will be, occupied as the principal residence of Grantor, Grantor's
spouse, or Grantor's minor or dependent child. I
6.15 Standard for Discretion. In the event this Trust Deed is silent on the standard for any consent,
approval, determination, or similar discretionary action, the standard shall be sole and unfettered discretion as opposed to
any standard of good faith, faimess, or reasonableness.
6.17 ORS 93.040 Warning. THIS INSTRUMENT WILL NOT ALLOW USE OF THE PROPERTY
DESCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT IN VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAND USE LAWS AND
TRUST DEED (OBDF Loan No. 49-02-01)- CDO Properties, LLC
page 11

REGULATIONS. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON ACQUIRING FEE
TITLE TO THE PROPERTY SHOULD CHECK WITH THE APPROPRIATE CITY OR COUNTY PLANNING
DEPARTMENT TO VERIFY APPROVED USES AND TO DETERMIN E ANY LIMITS ON LAWSUITS AGAINST
FARMING OR FOREST PRACTICES AS DEFINED IN ORS 30.930.
GRANTOR:
CDO Properties, LL
By:  
isto r D. Olsen, Member
STATE OF OREGON )
) ss.
County of Deschutes )
On this 30 day of MQ, 2008, before me personally appeared Christopher D. Olsen who stated that he is the sole
member of CDO Properties, LLC, and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to b voluntary act and deed thereof
Notary Seal: -
. Notary Public for Orego
•”  ··\x_.Y.-`\.__\\
‘ gas, “\\xw.\
f   OFFICJA  My commission expires: 7""/f·* 0 2
/   N BEVERLY MC KAY /
) \»¤'/ OTARY PUBLIC-OR /
9 M   OM COM/Ws3pON NO EGON
\.. -·\  .\  EXMRES JULY $22976 {
I “*·"~ e ~ ¤~J
TRUST DEED (OBDF Loan No. 49-02-Ol) — CDO Properties, LLC
page 12

EXHIBIT A
Legal Description of Property
That certain parcel of real property, commonly known as 62935 Layton Avenue, Bend OR, and more particularly
described as follows:
A parcel of land being a portion of Lot 11, BRINSON INDUSTRIAL PARK, PHASE III, City of Bend,
Deschutes County, Oregon and more particularly described as:
Commencing at the most Westerly corner of said Lot 11; thence North 44°08'12" East, a distance of 117.89
feet to the True Point of Beginning for this description; thence South 37°08‘14" East, a distance of217.18 feet
to a point on the Westerly right of way of Layton Avenue; thence along said right of way along the arc of a
470.00 foot radius curve to the left, a distance of 290.36 feet, the chord of which bears North 02°02'53" East, a
distance of 285.76 feet; thence continuing along said right of way North 15°39'01" West, a distance of 26.76
feet; thence South 44°08‘12" West, a distance of 192.59 feet to the Point of Beginning.
EXHIBIT B
Permitted Liens (Section 1.03)
Lien in favor of Umpqua Bank to secure a loan in an amount of not more than $600,000.00 principal.
>I=>l<*=l=*
None other.

