 
: S 6 i G , i? I  
  I U Ol D fg C 5 \ NRNCY BLRNKENSHIP , COUNTY CLERK  
 !l!lUl!!lJ1l..1!.l,,,,.,,,.
06/04/2008 l2:3'/:34 PH
H-DT Cnl.=1 $£n=1 BN
Until a change is requested all tax statements shall $55.00 $11 .00 $10.00 $5 .00
be sent to the following address:
North American Savings Bank, FSB
12520 South 71 Highway
Grandview, MO 64030
When Recorded Mail to:  
North American Savings Bank, FSB
I
i 10950 E1 Monte, Suite 210
Overland Park, KS 66211
A
Tax Account Number:
249620
True and Actual Consideration is:
$100 , 0 00 . 00
  [Space Above This Line For Recording Data]  
DEED OF TRUST
THIS DEED OF TRUST is made and entered into this 30011 day of Hay 30 , 2008
by and between CLOUSTON HOLDINGS, LLC, A WASHINGTON LIMITED LIABILITY
COMPANY
(jointly, severally and collectively "Borrower") and AICERITITLE
(Trustee),
and North American Savings Bank, FSB
(Lender).
WITNESSETH, that in consideration of Lender's agreement to make a loan to Borrower in the
original principal amount of One Hundred Thousand And Zero! 100
($ $100,000.00 )
(the "Loan") and other good and valuable consideration the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged,
Borrower hereby warrants, represents, covenants and agrees as follows: ’
Borrower hereby jointly, severally and collectively irrevocably grants, bargains, sells, mortgages,
warrants, transfers, conveys, assigns, sets over, pledges and confirms to Trustee, IN TRUST FOR THE
BENEFIT OF LENDER, WITH POWER OF SALE, and grants a security interest unto Trustee in, all
of the following described property (the "Mortgaged Property"):
111267 038 111267038
Oregon LLC Non-Recourse Deed of Trust 0RLS3038 9/04 (rev 02/08) Page I of I0
After recording, reium tv
Amerilitlé
is oneeon Avenue, BEND

(a) The real property located in the County of D¤¤¤h¤t¤¤ .
State of OREGGN , described on Exhibit A, attached hereto and incorporated herein, and
all the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereto, together with all right, title and interest of
Borrower in all easements, rights·of-way, gores and strips of land, and subsurface rights, whether now
owned or hereafter acquired, either in law or in equity, adjacent or appurtenant to or adjoining such real
property (the "Premises");
(b) Any and all buildings and improvements now or hereafter erected or located on the Land,
including but not limited to all fixtures, attachments, appliances, equipment, machinery and other
articles installed in or attached to such buildings and improvements (the "Improvements");
(c) All tangible personal property now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower and now or at any
time hereafter located on the Premises or within the Improvements and used in comiection therewith,
including but not limited to all furniture, furnishings, awnings, shades, screens, building materials,
machinery, motors, radiators and equipment, including but not limited to plumbing, heating, lighting,
j ventilating, refrigerating, air conditioning and sprinkler equipment, and all renewals, replacements and
Q substitutions thereof and additions thereto, but excluding any such property owned by a tenant of the l
T Mortgaged Property (the "Personal Property");
i (d) All of Borrower's interest in all existing and future accounts, contract rights, general
intangibles, files, books of account, agreements, permits, licenses and certificates necessary or desirable
in connection with the acquisition, ownership, leasing, operation or management of the Mortgaged
Property, whether now existing or entered into or obtained after the date hereof] including but not
limited to "Leases" and "Rents" (as defined herein);
(e) All agreements for use and occupancy of any part of the Mortgaged Property, now existing or
hereafter entered into, including any and all extensions or modifications thereto (the "Leases"), and all
of the rents, royalties, security deposits, income, receipts, revenues and other sums now due or which
may hereafter become due to Borrower under any Lease or arising from the use and enjoyment of any
part of the Mortgaged Property, and all rights and remedies which Borrower may haveagainst any
party under the Leases (the "Rents"); (f) All the estate, interest, right, title or other claim or demand
with respect to the proceeds of insurance and any and all awards made for the taking of any part of the
Mortgaged Property by the power of eminent domain, or by any proceeding or purchase in lieu thereof;
(g) All proceeds and products of; all replacements and substitutions for, and other rights and interests
now or thereafter belonging to, any of the foregoing.
T0 HAVE AND TO HOLD the Mortgaged Property, unto the Trustee, his successors and
assigns forever, upon the following conditions and for the following purposes, to-wit: V
AND Borrower, for itself and for its heirs, successors and assigns, does hereby represent, warrant,
covenant and agree with Trustee and Lender as follows:
111267038 111267038
Oregon LLC Non-Recuurse Deed of Trust 0RLS3038 9/04 (rev 02/08) Pagez of 10

l. This Deed of Trust secures the following indebtedness and obligations, including all replacements,
renewals, amendments, extensions, substitutions, and modifications thereof (collectively, the "Secured
Obligations"): (a) payment of all indebtedness and performance of all obligations and covenants of
Borrower under or pursuant to (i) the Promissory Note of even date herewith, executed by Borrower in
favor of Lender in the principal amount of the Loan (the "Note"), (ii) this Deed of Trust and (iii) all
other documents that evidence, secure or support the Loan (said documents, together with the Note and
this Deed of Trust being collectively referred to herein as the "Loan Documents"); and (b) payment of
all future advances and all sums advanced by Lender to protect the Mortgaged Property or otherwise
pursuant to the terms of any of the Loan Documents, with interest on all ofthe foregoing at the default
rate provided in the Note from the date of Lender's advance to the date of Borrower's repayment of
same.
2. THIS DEED OF TRUST ALSO SECURES FUTURE ADVANCES OR OBLIGATIONS. The
total amount of the obligations and advances secured hereby may decrease _or increase from time to
time, but at no time shall the total principal amount of the obligations and advances secured hereby, not
including sums expended or incurred for the reasonable protection of the lien and security interest t
hereby created in the Mortgaged Property or for other purposes, exceed the sum of one Hundred
Thousand And Zero/100
($100,000.00 ).
3. With respect to any portion of the Mortgaged Property which constitutes Personal Property, fixtures
or other property or interests governed by the Uniform Commercial Code of the state in which the
Mortgaged Property is located (the "UCC"), this Deed of Trust constitutes a security agreement
between Borrower, as the debtor, and Lender, as the secured party, and Borrower hereby grants to
Lender a security interest in such portion ofthe Mortgaged Property. Borrower agrees to execute and
deliver to Lender all financing and continuation statements and other infonnation which are from time
to time required to establish and maintain the validity and priority of the security interests herein
granted. Upon the occurrence of an "Event of Default" (as defined herein), Lender shall have all of the
rights and remedies of a secured party available under the UCC with respect to the property
encumbered by the security interest granted hereby; provided, however, Lender may, at its option,
dispose of such property in accordance with Lender's rights and remedies under this Deed of Trust, in
lieu of proceeding under the UCC. Borrower hereby appoints Lender as its attomey in fact to execute,
deliver and file any and all required financing statements, continuation statements and other
instruments as Lender may require in order to perfect and maintain the security` interest granted hereby.
4. Borrower is the owner of and has merchantable title in fee simple to the Premises and all of the
other Mortgaged Property, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances; that the lien created by
this instrument is a first lien thereon and that it will warrant and defend its title to the Premises and all
of the other Mortgaged Property and the lien priority of this instrument against all claims of all persons
whomsoever.
5. Borrower will at all times keep in full force and effect, with respect to the Mortgaged Property,
policies of comprehensive general liability insurance, standard fire and extended coverage casualty
insurance (with vandalism and malicious mischief coverage), and such other policies of insurance as
Lender may from time to time require issued by such companies and in such amounts as are acceptable
to Lender. All such policies will contain the standard mortgage clause under which loss is payable to
Lender as mortgagee, shall provide a minimum of thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Lender of
1112670:+s ‘ A 111267038
Oregon LLC Non-Recourse Deed of Trust ORLS3038 9/04 (rev 02/08) V . , page 3 afro

 
, modification or cancellation and shall otherwise be in form and substance acceptable to Lender.
l Borrower will provide Lender with certificates evidencing all required insurance and upon Lender's
request, copies of the insurance polices. If Borrower fails to maintain the insurance required by this
Section, Lender may, but will not be obligated to, procure such insurance, and any amount expended by
Lender in this regard will be secured by this Deed of Trust and be repayable by Borrower upon
demand, with interest at the "Default Rate" provided in the Note.
6. Borrower will pay before the same are due (i) all taxes and assessments that may be levied upon the
Premises or any ofthe other Mortgaged Property, or upon any interest or estate therein, including but
not limited to the interest represented by this Deed of Trust or upon this Deed of Trust or the Note or
debt secured thereby; and (ii) the insurance premiums for the amount of insurance as required by
Lender; and shall furnish the Lender with proof thereof within thirty (30) days thereafter. Upon
Lender's request, Borrower will, on the first day of each month, deposit in a non-interest bearing
account with the Lender, a sum sufficient to provide for payment of the armual charges for real estate
taxes, including special assessments and any other charges against the Premises by governmental or
quasi-govemmental bodies (collectively, "Taxes") and armual insurance premiums on all policies
(collectively, "Premiums") affecting the Premises, both as estimated by Lender, and thereafter
Borrower shall deposit with Lender, together with and in addition to the monthly payments of principal
and interest provided for in the Note, one-twelfth (1/ 12th) of the annual amount of said Taxes and
one-twelfth (1/ 12th) ofthe annual amount of said Premiums, both as estimated by Lender, to be held by
Lender and used to pay said Taxes and Premiums when the same fall due. In addition to the monthly
escrow payments required above, Lender may require that Borrowerideposit with Lender hom time to
time, funds in an amount sufficient to maintain with Lender an additional escrow balance in an amount
not to exceed one-sixth (l/6th) ofthe annual Taxes plus one-sixth (1/6th) of the armual Premiums, both
as estimated by Lender, and Borrower agrees to deposit such funds with Lender within five (5) days
after Lender's request. Such deposits are hereby pledged as additional security for the Secured
Obligations. Upon receipt of bills, statements or other evidence of insurance premiums or taxes due,
Lender shall pay or cause to be paid such amounts out of the fiinds so deposited. lf at any time such
funds are insufficient to pay such amounts, Borrower shall immediately deposit an amount equal to the
deficiency. Lender shall not be deemed a trustee of such funds or to be obligated to expend any amount
in excess of such funds under this Section. If Borrower fails to deposit sufficient sums as required,
Lender may advance, but shall not be so obligated, any amounts required to make up the deficiency
which advances shall be secured by this Deed of Trust and be repayable by Borrower upon demand,
with interest at the default rate provided in the Note.
7. In the event of any damage or destruction to any of the Mortgaged Property, Borrower shall
promptly make proof of loss to the insurers, and Borrower shall not adjust or compromise any claim
under such insurance without the prior written approval of Lender. All proceeds of such insurance shall
be paid directly to Lender, and each insurer is hereby authorized and directed to make such payment
directly to Lender. Any proceeds shall be applied first to the payment of all costs and expenses incurred
by Lender in obtaining such proceeds. The balance ofthe proceeds, if any, may be applied at the option
of Lender (i) against the Secured Obligations, without prepayment charge, or (ii) to the restoration or
the repair of the Mortgaged Property, in such order as Lender may elect, in its sole discretion.
111267038 111267038
Oregon LLC Non-Recoune Deed of Trust 0R1..S3038 9/04 (rev 02/08) pag, 4 crm

8. Borrower will promptly comply with all present and future federal, state and local laws, statutes and
ordinances, and all covenants and restrictions of record affecting the Mortgaged Property, including but
not limited to the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. 12101. Borrower will not initiate
or acquiesce in any zoning reclassification or material change in the zoning affecting the Mortgaged
Property without the prior written approval of Lender.
9. The Premises are currently in compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, requirements and
regulations relating to public health and safety protection of the environment (collectively
"Enviromnental Laws"). No environmental or public health or safety hazards currently exist with
respect to the Premises or the operations thereon, and no underground storage tanks are present on or l
under the Premises. The are no pending or threatened liens, actions or proceedings by any
govemmental agency or any other entity regarding public health risks or the environmental condition of
the Premises, or regarding any Environmental Laws, and Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that
  the Premises and the use thereof shall comply with all Environmental Laws.
l0. Borrower will keep the Mortgaged Property in good repair and fully protected from the elements
and, if under construction, will complete the same; Borrower will neither commit nor permit waste nor
do or permit any act by which the Mortgaged Property shall become less valuable; Borrower will not
remove or permit the removal of any buildings or other improvements, or fixtures of any kind or
construct any new improvements, additions to or structural changes in the present building thereon
without the written consent of Lender, and will install no fixtures subject to vendors' liens or other
liens, and should any be hereafter installed, the lien of this instrument shall immediately attach and be
prior and superior to the liens or claims of others.
ll. Upon the failure of Borrower to do so, Lender may make necessary repairs to the Mortgaged
Property and may generally make any other expenditures necessary to’preserve or protect its security
interest in the Mortgaged Property, but Lender shall be under no obligation to do so. All advances so
made will be secured by this Deed of Trust and be repayable by Borrower upon demand, with interest
at the default rate provided in the Note.
12. Lender shall have the right at any time, upon reasonable prior notice to Borrower, to enter upon the
Premises for the purpose of inspecting the same or to otherwise inspect the Mortgaged Property or to
exercise any of its rights and remedies under the Loan Documents. V
13. Borrower hereby assigns and transfers to Lender all of the Leases and Rents as additional security
for the Secured Obligations. Borrower will (i) provide true and complete copies of all Leases to Lender
upon request; (ii) faithfully perform and discharge all obligations of landlord under the Leases; (iii)
give prompt written notice to Lender of any notice of Borrower's default received from a tenant of any
Lease; and (iv) furnish Lender with a complete copy of said notice upon request. Without the prior
written consent of Lender, Borrower will not (i) collect Rent more than one month in advance of the
due date or discount any future accruing Rent or waive any right of setoff against any tenant; (ii)
terminate, amend in any material respect or grant concessions under any Lease or pennit an assignment
or subletting thereof
111267038 l 111267638
Oregon LLC Non-Recourse Deed ofTru1t 011133038 9/04 (rev 02/08) page 5 °f]0

14. In case proceedings are commenced to foreclose this Deed of Trust or to enforce or defend
Lender's rights hereunder, by suit or otherwise, including but not limited to any bankruptcy or probate
proceedings, Borrower agrees that it will pay all costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection
therewith, including but not limited to statutory trustee's fees, costs of all title insurance or
commitments therefore and reasonable attorneys' fees. If Trustee or Lender shall, because of this
instrument or rights claimed hereunder, be made parties to any legal action, Borrower will pay
reasonable attomeys' fees incurred or expended by Trustee or Lender in the defense thereof or acts done
hereunder and such expenses and fees shall be secured by this Deed of Trust.
15. If the Mortgaged Property, or any part thereof, is taken under any power of eminent domain, or
acquired for the public use, the whole indebtedness seemed hereby may, at the option of Lender, be
declared due and payable. As additional security for the Secured Obligations, the damages, proceeds
and consideration of such acquisition, to the extent of the full amount of the Secured Obligations, are
hereby assigned by Borrower to Lender and shall be paid forthwith to Lender to be applied by it on
account of the Secured Obligations, whether due or not.
16. Borrower shall fumish to Lender or Lender's designee, upon request from time to time during the
term of the Note, and in any event within 60 days after the end of each fiscal year of Borrower during
said term, current annual statements itemizing the income and expenses of the Premises, including an
itemized rent roll, together with a complete statement of B0rrower's assets and liabilities and its profit
and loss statement and a signed copy of their annual federal tax retum. Said statements shall be
certified by independent accountants acceptable to Lender or by the chief financial officer of Borrower,
at Lender's election, and shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting standards
consistently applied throughout the periods covered therein, except as may be otherwise specified
therein. Lender shall have access to Borrower's books and records at reasonable times and places
throughout the term of the Note. Borrower shall also cause all guarantors ofthe Obligations to provide  
to Lender upon Lender's request from time to time, and not less than annually, their current personal
financial statements in a f`orm acceptable to Lender, and copies of their annual federal tax retums.
l
  l7. Each of the following shall be an "Event of Default" under this Deed of Trust:
  (a) Failure of the Borrower to make any payment of principal or interest or any other payment
under the Note within five days after the date such payment is due and payable.
(b) Borrower fails to perform any other obligation or covenant of Borrower under this Deed of
Trust, under the Note or any other Loan Document to which Borrower is a party; which failure is not
cured within any expressly provided applicable cure period.
(c) Borrower sells, transfers, attempts to transfer or otherwise disposes of any of the Mortgaged
Property, including but not limited to the Premises or any part thereof or any interest therein, without
the prior written consent of Lender. ` ‘
(d) Any representation, warranty or statement made by Borrower, any guarantor or other party
under any document or any other affidavit or instrument executed or delivered with respect to the Loan
shall be determined by Lender to be false or misleading in any material respect.
111267038 111267038
Oregon LLC Non-Recourse Deed of Trust 0RLS3038 9/04 (rev 02/08) page 6 of to

18. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Lender shall have the right to take any one or more of
the following actions:
(a) Declare all Secured Obligations to be due and payable, and the same shall thereupon become
due and payable without any presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind except as otherwise
provided herein, and Borrower hereby waives notice of intent to accelerate the Secured Obligations;
(b) Commence an action to foreclose this Deed of Trust by judicial order or power of sale, appoint
a receiver or specifically enforce any of the covenants of this Deed of Tnist;
(c) Enter upon and take possession of the Mortgaged Property or any part thereof and do any acts
which it deems necessary or desirable to protect and preserve Lender's security, with or without
bringing any action or proceeding and without regard to the adequacy of this security.
p 19. Any extension of the time for payment of the indebtedness secured hereby or any modification of
i the instrument or instruments evidencing the indebtedness secured hereby, granted to any fixture owner
of the Mortgaged Property, shall not relieve Borrower Bom liability to pay said indebtedness or release
Borrower with respect thereto and Borrower does hereby waive presentrnent and demand for payment,
notice of non-payment and notice of protest.
20. Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold Lender harmless from and against any and all losses,
liabilities, suits, obligations, fines, damages, judgments, penalties, claims, charges, costs and expenses
(including but not limited to attomeys' fees an disbursements) which may be imposed on, incurred or
paid by or asserted against Lender by reason or on account of any transaction or claim arising out of
this Deed of Trust or in any way connected to the Mortgaged Property, including but not limited to any
violation or claim of violation of any Enviromnental Laws.
21 . Borrower will do all acts necessary to continue, preserve and maintain this Deed of Trust as a valid
and subsisting first lien on the Mortgaged Property, and Borrower will do all acts necessary to continue,
preserve and maintain the Note secured hereby, this Deed of Trust and all other instruments given as
security for the payment of the Note, as legal, valid and binding instruments enforceable in accordance
with their terms.
NOW THEREFORE, if the Note and the interest thereon be paid as therein specified and all
other amounts secured hereby be paid in accordance with the terms hereof and all agreements herein be
kept and performed, then this Deed of Trust shall be voided and shall be released at the cost of said
Borrower.
BUT IF DEFAULT BE MADE in any way under this Deed of Trust, or if any proceeding is
initiated to enforce a lien or charge against the Mortgaged Property or any part thereof} and Borrower
fails to contest the lien or charge in good faith so as to prevent the entry of any judgment enforcing
such lien and permitting a foreclosure thereof; or if any proceeding is filed by or against Borrower or its
heirs or assigns in bankruptcy; or if Borrower makes an assignment of its property for the benefit of
creditors; or if Borrowers property is placed in receivership, trusteeship or conservatorship with or
without action or suit in any court; or if the Mortgaged Property or any part thereof is condemned or
under threat of condemnation; or if Borrower abandons all or any part of the Mortgaged Property; then,
and in any of said events, the whole indebtedness secured hereby may at any time thereafter,
111267028 111267038
Oregon LLC Non-Recourse Deed of Trust 0RLS3038 9/04 (rev 02/08) a = pw, 7 °f1()

at the option of the holder hereof, without notice, be declared due and payable for all purposes,
anything herein or in the Note to the contrary notwithstanding, and this Deed of Trust shall remain in
full force and effect, and thereupon, Trustee or his successor in trust shall, after advertising the time,
place and terms of the sale ofthe Mortgaged Property and mailing notices to such parties and in such
form as may then be required by law, and otherwise complying with applicable laws affecting
foreclosure by exercise of the power of sale granted herein, sell the Mortgaged Property or any part
thereof at public auction, in accordance with such advertisement and notices at the time and place
specified therein, to the highest bidder for cash, selling all of the Mortgaged Property as an entirety or
in such parcels as Trustee or his successors in trust may elect, and upon such sale shall execute and
deliver a deed of conveyance of the property sold to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, and any
statement or recital of fact in such deed shall be prima facie evidence of the truth of such recital. Any
sale conducted by Trustee pursuant to this Section shall be held at the front door of the county
courthouse for such County or City and County, or on the Premises, or at such other place as similar
sales are then customarily held in such County or City and County, provided that the actual place of
sale shall be specified in the notice of sale. Nothing in this Section dealing with foreclosure procedures ,
or specifying particular actions to be taken by Lender or by Trustee or any similar officer shall be
deemed to contradict or add to the requirements and procedures now or hereafter specified by Oregon
law, and any such inconsistency shall be resolved in favor of Oregon law applicable at the time of
foreclosure.
l - . .
No remedy conferred upon or reserved to Lender herein is intended to beexclusive of any other
remedy or remedies, and each and every such remedy is cumulative and is in addition to every remedy
given to Lender now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute. 7 -
To the extent not prohibited by law, Borrower will not at any time (a) insist upon, or plead, or in
any manner whatever claim or take any benefit or advantage of] any stay or extension or moratorium
law, any exemption hom execution or sale of the Mortgaged Property or any part thereof wherever
enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force (specifically including but not limited to any homestead
exemption), which may affect the covenants and terms of performance of this Deed of Trust, nor (b)
claim, take or insist upon any benefit or advantage of any law now or hereafter in force providing for
the valuation or appraisal of the Mortgaged Property, or any part thereof prior to any sale or sales
thereof which may be made pursuant to any provision herein, or pursuant to the decree, judgment or
order of any court of competent jurisdiction, nor (c) after any such sale or sales, claim or exercise any
right under any statute heretofore or hereafter enacted, by any governmental authority or otherwise, to
redeem the property so sold or any part thereof
Lender at its option, may from time to time remove Trustee and appoint a successor trustee to any
Trustee appointed hereunder by an instrument recorded in the county in which this Deed of Trust is
recorded. In the event of the sale by the Trustee, he shall receive the proceeds thereof and pay
therefrom, first, the cost and expenses of executing this trust, including but not limited to compensation
for his services and reasonable attomeys' fees, if such be employed; second, repay all advances made
by Lender under the terms of this Deed of Trust and interest thereon; third, pay the unpaid balance of
the Note and all other indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust together with interest thereon; fourth,
· pay over the balance if any, to Borrower. ·
111267038 _ 111267028
Oregon LLC Non-Recourse Deed of Trust ORLS3038 9/04 (rev 02/08) page 3 or l0

l
lf any term or provision of this Deed of Trust or the application thereof to any circumstance shall,
to any extent, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof or any other circumstance or situation with
respect to this Deed of Trust, and each remaining term and provision of this Deed of Trust shall be
valid and be enforced to the fullest extent by law. This Deed of Trust cannot be altered, modified,
terminated or discharged except in a writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of such
alteration, amendment, modification, termination or discharge is sought. No waiver, release or other
forbearance by Lender will be effective against Lender unless it is in a writing signed by Lender. This
Deed of Trust is to be construed and enforced according to and govemed by the intemal substantive
laws ofthe State of Oregon.
Notwithstanding the terms of the Note or this Deed of Trust, Borrower shall have no personal
liability for the repayment of any amounts evidenced by the Note or for the performance or observance
of any covenant or condition contained in the Note or this Deed of Trust, and no personal or deficiency
judgment shall be sought or entered against Borrower as a result of any such default; provided,
however, Borrower shall be personally liable to Lender, its successors and assigns and subject to a
claim only to the extent of damages and deficiencies for (a) waste committed or permitted by Borrower
upon or to the Premises, (b) any fraud or misrepresentation of Borrower in connection with Borrower's
application for the loan evidenced by the Note or any related documents, (c) any embezzlement or
misappropriation of any rents, revenues, insurance proceeds or condemnation awards which are
assigned or to be paid to the Lender, (d) any lien currently or hereafter imposed against the Premises
without Lender's prior written consent and which has priority over this Deed of Trust, including,
without limitation, any lien arising from the storage or disposal of toxic, hazardous, chemical or nuclear
waste or materials upon the Premises, and (e) any sums evidenced by the Note or secured by this Deed
of Trust, except principal and interest, but including any remedial advances made by Lender, ,
delinquent interest, late charges, attomey's fees and costs of collection for which Borrower is liable.
INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND, Borrower has caused this Deed of Trust to be executed the
p day and year first above written.
cLoUs•1·0N uonoxms, LLC, A wnsumcwou L1:m·1·¤1> LxAn1Lx1·Y COMPANY
  %/»iM&
nts Lee Clous ton Managing Member
. ° =.
111267osa 111267038
Oregon LLC Non—Rec0urse Deed of Trust 0RLS3038 9/04 (rev 02/08) - page 9 of lg

— i [Space Below This Line For Acknowledgment] ——-— 
STATE OF ORE N, D ounty ss:
On this day of  , personally appeared the above named
CLOUSTON HOLDINGS, LLC, Mon Lee Cl us ton
and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to b@er/their voluntary act and deed.,
My COmmissi0n Expires: 6 ,% .  Before me; 0
;\_··\·‘A,"<`.\'.X..X,'Y.L>\L;·s,\L.`.·~`.\.;~~`;·\:\...·`.~ . E
? _¢;%;;», OFFICIAL l?§é¢\$N ?  
p ;   ge; TIFFANY H - ·
  2   Noranv PUBLIC-OREGON 6 N°t"" P"b"° f°  '°g°" . _
X   COMMISSION N0. 393630 2
2 MY COMMISSION ExP|REs JUNE 8 2009 )
g\»}->__·-K-_\_-<_\__·k_$, ’&\_,"\‘.x.,‘<..\..‘&'>.."Y..\J ‘-_
111267038 1.11267ose
Oregon LLC Non·Reeourse Deed of Trust 0RLS3038 9/04 (rev 02/08) V pm, l0 of m

‘ LEGAL DESCRIPTION
"EXHIBIT A"
 
Lot Sixteen (I6), PROSPECT PINES , recorded September 22 , 2005 , in Cabinet G, Page 843,
Deschutes County, Oregon.
I
Reference: Title Order N0. 106908
Escrow N0. SBl06908RS

