, . $·v‘I¤>'I2}‘/,YQg> (“Hi~
L°"" "°· — unucv snnuxzusuxr, courm cn.zn•< · ,
s0uTHwEsT sEcuRnTIEs, FSB
    ||w]|||!||||]|||||||||I|||I||||||||||||I||||I|| “‘°·°°  
4200 South Hulen, Sutte 309 °      
§;’,[,',“,{‘g{§_';·,I§;§§,f°‘°’ 06/06/2008 03:50:15 PII
H-DT CnI.¤4 $I.n¤3 PG
$105.00 $15.00 $11.00 $10.00 $5.00
QA
(Space Above For Rsc¤rdsr's Use)
DEED OF TRUST
WITH ABSOLUTE ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS,
SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING
NAME OF
TRUSTOR: STEVE LAMBERT and NANCY LAMBERT
NAME OF
BORROWER: SLAMN, LTD.
NAME OF
TRUSTEE: AMERITITLE
NAME OF
BENEFICIARY: SOUTHWEST SECURITIES, FSB
ABBREVIATED
LEGAL
DESCRIPTION: 1955 NW KEENAN, CT., BEND, OREGON 97701
ASSESSOR’S
PROPERTY TAX
PARCEL ACCOUNT 178417
NUMBER:
After recording, rctum to
Amori`I7tIe 1 sssaos.4 (6/04/08)
15 OREGON AVENUE. BEND

Loan No.
THIS DEED OF TRUST SECURES A NOTE WHICH PROVIDES FOR A VARIABLE INTEREST RATE
DEED OF TRUST
WITH ABSOLUTE ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS,
SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING
THE PARTIES TO THIS DEED OF TRUST WITH ABSOLUTE ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS,
SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING ("Deed of Trust"), made as of June 5, 2008, are STEVE
LAMBERT and NANCY LAMBERT, (collectively, "Trustor"), AMERITITLE,  
("Trustee"), and SOUTHWEST SECURITIES, FSB ("Beneficiary"). The mailing address ofTrustor, Trustee"  
and Beneficiary are the addresses for those parties set forth or referred to in Section 7.8 below.
ARTICLE 1. GRANT IN TRUST
1.1 GRANT. For the purposes of and upon the terms and conditions in this Deed of Trust, Trustor
irrevocably grants, conveys and assigns to Trustee, in trust forthe benefit of Beneliciary, with power
of sale and rightof entry and possession, all ofthat real property located in the County ofDeschutes,
State of Oregon, described on Exhibit A attached hereto, together with all buildings and other
improvements, fixtures and equipment now or hereafter located on the real property, all right, title,
interest, and privileges of Trustor in and to all streets, roads, and alleys used in connection with or
pertaining to such real property, all water and water rights, minerals, oil and gas, and other
hydrocarbon substances in, on or underthe real property, all appurtenances, easements, rights and
rights ofway appurtenantor related thereto, and all air rights, developmentrights and credits, licenses
and permits related to the real property. All interestor estate which Trustor may hereafter acquire in
the property described above, and all additions and accretions thereto, and the proceeds of any of
the foregoing, are collectively referred to herein as the "Property". The listing of specihc rights or
property shall not be interpreted as a limit of general terms.
1.2 WARRANTY OF TITLE·, USE OF PROPERTY. Trustorwarrants that it is the sole owner ofgood and
marketable unencumbered fee simple title to the Real Property, subject only to those exceptions
approved by Beneficiary in writing. Trustor warrants that the Property is commercial real estate and
this instrument is nota residential trust deed asthatterm is defined in ORS 86.705(3); and warrants
that the Property is not used principally for agricultural or farming purposes.
ARTICLE 2. OBLIGATIONS SECURED
2.1 OBLIGATIQNS SECURED. Trustor makes this Deed of Trust for the purpose ofsecuring: (a) the
performance of the obligations contained herein and in those certain loan documents dated of even
date herewith to which SLAM N, LTD. (“Borrower”) and Beneficiary are parties (“Loan Documents”);
(b)the payment ofTHREE HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND AND NO/100 DOLLARS ($350,000.00),
with interest thereon, according to the terms of that certain Promissory Note (“Note”) of even date
herewith, maturing on June 5, 2015 (the “Maturity Date"), executed by Borrower, and payable to
Beneficiary, as lender; (c) payment to Beneficiary of all liability, whether liquidated or unliquidated,
2 ssseos.4 (6/04/08)

'defined, contingent, conditional or of any other nature whatsoever, and performance of all other
obligations, arising under any swap, derivative, foreign exchange or hedge transaction or
arrangement (or other slmilartransaction orarrangementhowsoeverdescribed ordefined)atany time
entered into between Borrower and Beneficiary in connection with the Note: (d) any and all
extensions, renewals, or modifications ofthe Note and Loan Documents, whether the same be in
greater or lesser amounts (collectively, the “Secured ObIigations”).
2.2 INCORPORATION. The term "obIigations" is used herein in its broadest and most comprehensive
sense and shall be deemed to include, without limitation, all interest and charges, prepayment
charges (ifany), late charges and loan fees at any time accruing or assessed on any of the Secured
Obligations, together with all costs of collecting the Secured Obligations. All terms of the Secured
Obligations and the documents evidencing such obligations are incorporated herein bythis reference.
All persons who may have or acquire an interest in the Property shall be deemed to have notice of
the terms ofthe Secured Obligations and the rate ofintereston one or more Secured Obligations may
vary from time to time.
ARTICLE 3. ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS
3.1 ASSIGNMENT. Trustor hereby irrevocably assigns to Benehciary all of Trustor's right, title and
interest in, to and under: (a) all present and future leases ofthe Property or any portion thereof, all
licenses and agreements relating to the management, leasing, occupancy or operation of the
Property, whether such leases, licenses and agreements are now existing or entered into after the
date hereof ("Leases"); and (b) the rents, issues, revenues, receipts, deposits and profits of the
Property, including, without limitation, all amounts payable and all rights and benefits accruing to
Trustorunderthe Leases ("Paym ents"). The term "Leases" shall also include all subleases and other
agreements for the use or occupancy of the Property, all guarantees of and security for the tenant's
performance thereunder, the right to exercise any land|ord’s liens and other remedies to which the
landlord is entitled, and all amendments, extensions, renewals or modifications thereto. This is a
present and absolute assignment, not an assignment for security purposes only, and Beneficiary‘s
rightto the Leases and Payments is notcontingent, upon and may be exercised without, possession
of the Property.
3.2 GRANT OF LICENSE. Beneficiary confers upon Trustor a revocable license ("License") to collect
and retain the Payments as they become due and payable, until the occurrence of a Default (as
hereinafter defined). Upon a Default, the License shall be automatically revoked and Beneficiary may
collect and apply the Payments pursuant to the terms hereof without notice and without taking
possession of the Property. All payments thereafter collected by Trustor shall be held by Trustor as
trustee undera constructive trust for the benefit of Beneficiary. Trustor hereby irrevocably authorizes
and directs the tenants under the Leases to rely upon and comply with any notice or demand by
Beneficiary for the payment to Beneficiary of any rentals or other sums which may at any time
become due underthe Leases, or forthe performance ofany of the tenants' undertakings under the
Leases, and the tenants shall have no duty to inquire as to whether any Default has actually occurred
or is then existing. Trustor hereby relieves thetenants from any liability to Trustorby reason ofrelying
upon and complying with any such notice or demand by Beneficiary. Beneficiary may apply, in its
sole discretion, any Payments so collected by Benehciary against any Secured Obligation under the
Loan Documents (as defined in the Loan Agreement), whether existing on the date hereof or hereafter
arising. Collection of any Payments by Beneficiary shall not cure or waive any Default or notice of
Default or invalidate any acts done pursuant to such notice.
3.3 EFFECT OF ASSIGNMENT. The foregoing irrevocable assignment shall not cause Beneficiary to
be: (a) a mortgagee in possession; (b) responsible or liable for the control, care, management or
repair of the Property or for performing any of the terms, agreements, undertakings, obligations,
representations, warranties, covenants and conditions ofthe Leases; (c) responsible or liable for any
waste committed on the Property by the tenants under any ofthe Leases or any other parties, for any
dangerous or defective condition ofthe Property, or for any negligence in the management, upkeep,
repair or control of the Property resulting in loss or injury or death to any tenant, licensee, employee,
3 sssaos.4 (6104108)
- .i

invitee or other person; (d) responsible foror underany duty to produce rents or profits; or (e) directly
or indirectly liable to Trustor or any other person as a consequence of the exercise or failure to
exercise any of the rights, remedies or powers granted to Beneficiary hereunder orto perform or
discharge any obligation, duty or liability of Trustor arising under the Leases.
ARTICLE 4. SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING
4.1 SECURITY INTEREST. Trustor hereby grants and assigns to Beneficiary a security interest, to
secure payment and performance of all of the Secured Obligations, in all ofthe following described
personal property in which Trustor now or at any time hereafter has any interest (collectively, the
"CoIIateral"):
All goods, building and other materials, supplies, inventory, work in process, equipment, machinery,
fixtures, furniture, fumishings, signs and other personal property and embedded software included
therein and supporting information, wherever situated, which are orare to be incorporated into, used
in connection with, or appropriated for use on the Property; togetherwith all Payments and other rents
and security deposits derived from the Property; all inventory, accounts, cash receipts, deposit
accounts, accounts receivable, contract rights, licenses, agreements, general intangibles, payment
intangibles, software, chatlel paper (whether electronic or tangible), instruments, documents,
promissory notes, drafts, letters of credit, letter of credit rights, supporting obligations, insurance
policies, insurance and condemnation awards and proceeds, proceeds of the sale of promissory
notes, any other rights to the paymentof money, trade names, trademarks and service marks arising
from or related to the ownership, management, leasing, operation, sale or disposition ofthe Property
or any business now or hereafter conducted thereon by Trustor; all development rights and credits,
and any and all permits, consents, approvals, licenses, authorizations and other rights granted by,
given by or obtained from, any governmental entity with respect to the Property; all water and water
rights, wells and well rights, canals and canal rights, ditches and ditch rights, springs and spring
rights, and reservoirs and reservoir rights appurtenant to or associated with the Property, whether
decreed or undecreed, tributary, non-tributary or not non-tributary, surface or underground or
appropriated or unappropriated, and all shares of stock in water, ditch, lateral and canal companies,
well permits and all other evidences of any of such rights; all deposits or other security now or
hereafter made with or given to utility companies by Trustor with respect to the Property; all advance
payments of insurance premiums made by Trustor with respect to the Property; all plans, drawings
and specifications relating to the Property; all loan funds held by Beneficiary, whether or not
disbursed; all funds deposited with Beneficiary pursuantto any loan agreement; all reserves, deferred
payments, deposits, accounts, refunds, costsavings and payments ofany kind relatedto the Property
or any portion thereof; all of Trustor’s right, title and interest, now or hereafter acquired, to the
payment of moneyfrom Beneficiary to Trustor under any swap, derivative, foreign exchange or hedge
transaction or arrangement (or similar transaction or arrangement howsoever described or dehned)
at any time entered into between Trustor and Beneficiary in connection with the Note; together with
all replacements and proceeds of, and additions and accessions to, any ofthe foregoing; together
with all books, records and files relating to any of the foregoing.
As to all ofthe above described personal property which is or which hereafter becomes a "fixture"
under applicable law, this Deed of Trust constitutes a fixture filing under the Uniform Commercial
Code, as amended or recodified from time to time ("UCC").
The filing ofa financing statement covering the Collateral shall not be construed to derogate from or
impair the lien or provisions ofthis Deed of Trust with respect to any property described herein which
is real property or which the parties have agreed to treat as real property. Similarly, nothing in any
financing statement shall be construed to alterany ofthe rights of Beneficiary underthis Deed ofTrust
orthe priority of Beneficiary's lien created hereby, and such financing statement is declared to be for
the protection of Beneficiary in the event any court shall at any time hold that notice of Beneficiary's
priority interest in any property or interests described in this Deed of Trust must, in order to be
effective againsta particular class ofpersons, including butnot limited to the Federal government and
4 sasaos.4 (6/04/oa)
l

any subdivision, agency or entity ofthe Federal government, be filed in the Uniform Commercial Code
records.
4.2 RIGHTS OF BENEFICIARY. Upon the occurrence of a Default, Beneficiary shall have all the rights
of a “Secured Party" under the UCC. ln addition to such rights, Beneficiary may, but shall not be
obligated to, at any time without notice and atthe expense of Trustor: (a) give notice to any person
of Beneficiary's rights hereunder and enforce such rights atlaw or in equity; (b) insure, protect, defend
and preserve the Collateral or any rights or interests of Beneficiary therein; (c) inspect the Collateral;
and (d) endorse, collect and receive any right to payment of money owing to Trustor under orfrom
the Collateral. Beneficiary may: (i) upon written notice, require Trustor to assemble any or all ofthe
Collateral and make itavailable to Beneficiary at a place designated by Beneficiary; (ii) without prior
notice, enter upon the Property or other place where any ofthe Collateral may be located and take
possession of, collect, sell, and dispose of any or all ofthe Collateral, and store the same atlocations
acceptable to Beneficiary at Trustor's expense; and/or (iii) sell, assign and deliver at any place or in
any lawful manner all or any part ofthe Collateral and bid and become the purchaser at any such
sales. Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall Beneficiary be deemed to have accepted any
property otherthan cash in satisfaction of any obligation of Trustorto Beneficiary unless Beneficiary
shall make an express written election of said remedy underthe UCC or other applicable law.
Trustor acknowledges and agrees thata disposition ofthe Collateral in accordance with Beneficiary's
rights and remedies as heretofore provided is a disposition thereof in a commercially reasonable
manner and that ten days prior notice ofsuch disposition is commercially reasonable notice. Trustor
further agrees that any sale or other disposition of all or any portion ofthe Collateral may be applied
by Beneficiary first to the reasonable expenses in connection therewith, including reasonable
attorneys’ fees and disbursements, and then to the payment of the Secured Obligations.
4.3 REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS. Trustor represents and warrants that:
(a) Trustor’s principal residence or place of business is located at the address shown in Section 7.8
below; and (b) Trustor's legal name is exactly as set forth on the first page of this Deed of Trust.
Trustor agrees: (a) not to change its name, and as applicable, its chief executive office, its principal
residence or the jurisdiction in which it is organized andlor registered without giving Beneficiary 30
days prior written notice thereof; (b) to cooperate with Beneficiary in perfecting all security interests
granted herein and in obtaining such agreements from third parties as Benehciary deems necessary,
proper or convenient in connection with the creation, preservation, perfection, priority or enforcement
ofany of its rights hereunder; and (c) that Beneficiary is authorized to file financing statements in the
name of Trustor to perfect Beneficiary's security interest in the Collateral.
ARTICLE 5. RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES
5.1 PERFORMANCE OF SECURED OBLIGATIONS. Trustor and Borrower shall promptly pay and
perform each Secured Obligation when due. If Trustor fails to timely pay or perform any portion of
the Secured Obligations (including taxes, assessments and insurance premiums), or if a legal
proceeding is commenced that may significantly affect Beneficiary's rights in the Property, then
Beneficiary may (but is not obligated to), at Trustor's expense, take such action as itconsiders to be
necessary to protect the value of the Property and Beneficiary’s rights in the Property, including the
retaining of counsel, and any amount so expended by Beneficiary will be added to the Secured
Obligations and will be payable by Trustorto Beneficiary on demand, together with interestthereon
from the date of advance until paid at the default rate provided in the Note.
5.2 TAXES AND ASSESSMENTS. Trustor shall also pay prior to delinquency all taxes, assessments,
levies and charges imposed upon the Property by any public authority or upon Beneficiary by reason
of its interest in any Secured Obligation or in the Property, or by reason of any payment made to
Beneficiary pursuantto any Secured Obligation; provided, however, Trustor shall have no obligation
to pay taxes which may be imposed from time to time upon Beneficiary and which are measured by
and imposed upon Beneficiary's net income. While the Secured Obligations are outstanding, and if
requested by Beneficiary (but only after Default occurs), in order to secure the performance and
5 sssacs.4 (6/04108)

discharge of the Secured Obligations including payment of property taxes, but not in lieu of such
obligations, monthly escrow funds equal to 1/12th ofthe annual anticipated disbursements for taxes
shall be collected by Beneficiary with the monthly principal and interest payments. This amount may
be adjusted annually pursuantto an annual escrow analysis, and a cushion of no more than two (2)
months of the estimated total annual payments from the escrow account, may be retained by
Beneficiary. Ifduring the escrow analysis, a shortage ordeficiency is determined to exist, Beneficiary
may require Trustor to pay additional deposits to make up the shortage or eliminate the deficiency.
lf during the escrow analysis, a surplus is determined to exist over the amount allowed by law,
Beneficiary shall refund the surplus to Trustor, so long as Borrower's payments are current, i.e., the
payments are regularly received within 30 days ofthe payment due date. If Beneficiary does not
regularly receive the Borrower's payments within 30 days ofthe due date, Beneficiary may retain the
surplus in the escrow account at it's discretion.
5.3 LIENS, ENCUMBRANCES AND CHARGES. Trustor shall immediately discharge any lien not
approved by Beneficiary in writing that has or may attain priority over this Deed of Trust.
5.4 DUE ON SALE OR ENCUMBRANCE. lf the Property or any interest therein shall be sold,
transferred, including, without limitation, through sale or transfer, directly or indirectly, of a majority
or controlling interest in the corporate stock, partnership interests, or limited liability company
membership interests of a Trustor or managing member or general partner of Trustor, mortgaged,
assigned, further encumbered or leased, whether directly or indirectly, whether voluntarily,
involuntarily or by operation of law, withoutthe priorwritten consentof Beneficiary, THEN Beneficiary,
in its sole discretion, may at anytime thereafter declare all Secured Obligations immediately due and
payable.
5.5 CONDEMNATION PROCEEDS. The following (whether now existing or hereafter arising) are all
absolutely and irrevocably assigned by Trustorto Benehciary and, at the requestof Beneficiary, shall
be paid directly to Beneficiary: (i) all awards ofdamages and all other compensation payable directly
or indirectly by reason of a condemnation or proposed condemnation for public or private use
affecting all or any part of, or any interest in, the Property or Collateral; (ii) all other claims and awards
fordamages to, or decrease in value of, all or any partof, or any interest in, the Property or Collateral;
and (iii) all interest which may accrue on any ofthe foregoing. Subject to applicable law, and without
regard to any requirement contained in this Deed of Trust, Beneficiary may at its discretion apply all
or any ofthe proceeds it receives to its expenses in settling, prosecuting or defending any claim and
may apply the balance to the Secured Obligations in any order acceptable to Beneficiary, and/or
Beneficiary may release all or any part ofthe proceeds to Trustor upon any conditions Beneficiary
may impose. Beneficiary may commence, appear in, defend or prosecute any assigned claim or
action and may adjust, compromise, settle and collectall claims and awards assigned to Beneficiary;
provided, however, in no eventshall Beneficiary be responsible for any failure to collect any claim or
award, regardless of the cause of the failure, including, without limitation, any malfeasance or
nonfeasance by Beneficiary or its employees or agents.
5.6 DEFENSE AND NOTICE OF LOSSES, CLAIMS AND ACTIONS. At Trustor's sole expense, Trustor
shall protect, preserve and defend the Property and Collateral and title to and rightof possession of
the Property and Collateral, the security hereofand the rights and powers of Beneficiary and Trustee
hereunder against all adverse claims. Trustor shall give Beneficiary and Trustee prompt notice in
writing ofthe assertion ofany claim, ofthe filing of any action or proceeding, of any material damage
to the Property or Collateral and ofany condemnation offer or action.
5.7 COMPENSATION; EXCULPATl0N; IN DEMNIFICATlON.Trustor shall pay all Trustee‘s fees and
reimburse Trustee immediately upon demand forexpenses inthe administration ofthis trust, including
attorneys' fees. Beneficiary shall not directly or indirectly be liable to Trustor or any other person as
a consequence of (i) the exercise or non—exercise of the rights, remedies or powers granted to
Beneficiary in this Deed of Trust; (ii) the failure or refusal of Beneficiary to perform or discharge any
obligation or liability of Trustor under any agreement related to the Property or under this Deed of
Trust; or (iii) any loss sustained by Trustor or any third party resulting from Beneficiary's failure
(whether by malfeasance, nonfeasance or refusal to act) to lease the Property after a Default
6 595805.4 (aroma)
 

(hereinafter defined) or from any other act or omission (regardless of whether same constitutes
negligence) of Beneficiary in managing the Property after a Default unless the loss is caused by the
gross negligence or willful misconduct of Beneficiary and no such liability shall be asserted against
or imposed upon Beneficiary, and all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released by
Trustor.
TRUSTOR AGREES TO INDEMNIFY TRUSTEE AND BENEFICIARY AGAINST, AND HOLD
TRUSTEE AND BENEFICIARY HARMLESS FOR, FROM, AND AGAINST ALL LOSSES,
DAMAGES, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, CAUSES OF ACTION, JUDGMENTS, COURT COSTS,
ATTORNEYS' FEES AND OTHER LEGAL EXPENSES, COST OF EVIDENCE OF TITLE, COST
OF EVIDENCE OF VALUE,AND OTHER EXPENSES WHICH EITHER MAY SUFFER OR INCUR:
(I) BY REASON OF THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY ACT REQUIRED OR PERMITTED
HEREUNDER OR BY LAW; (ii) AS A RESULT OF ANY FAILURE OF TRUSTOR TO PERFORM
TRUSTOR'S OBLIGATIONS; OR (iii) BY REASON OF ANY ALLEGED OBLIGATION OR
UNDERTAKING ON BENEFIClARY'S PART TO PERFORM OR DISCHARGE ANY OF THE
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, COVENANTS OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS
CONTAINED IN ANY OTHER DOC UM ENT RELATED TO THE PROPERTY. The above obligation
of Trustor to indemnify and hold harmless Trustee and Beneficiary shall survive the release and
cancellation of the Secured Obligations and the release or partial release of the lien of this Deed of
Trust.
5.8 SUBSTITUTION OF TRUSTEE. Trustee may resign at any time by giving notice thereof to
Beneficiary as provided by law. Beneficiary may, from time totime, by instrument in writing, substitute
a successor to any Trustee named herein or acting hereunder in the manner provided bylaw. Such
writing, upon recordation, shall be conclusive proofof proper substitution ofsuch successor Trustee,
who shall, without conveyance from the predecessor Trustee, succeed to all its title.
5.9 RELEASES, EXTENSIONS, MODIFICATIONS AND ADDITIONAL SECURITY. Without notice to
or the consent, approval or agreement of any persons or entities having any interest at any time in
the Property or in any manner obligated under the Secured Obligations ("Interested Parties"),
Beneficiary may, from time to time, release any person or entity from liability for the payment or
performance of any Secured Obligation, take any action or make any agreement extending the
maturity or otherwise altering the terms or increasing the amount ofany Secured Obligation, oraccept
additional security or release all or a portion of the Property and other security for the Secured
Obligations. None ofthe foregoing actions shall release or reduce the personal liability of any of said
Interested Parties, or release or impair the priority of the lien of and security interests created by this
Deed of Trust upon the Property and Collateral.
5.10 SUBROGATION. Beneficiary shall be subrogated to the lien ofall encumbrances, whether released
of record or not, paid in whole or in part by Beneficiary pursuant to the Loan Documents or by the
proceeds of any loan secured by this Deed of Trust.
5.11 RIGHT OF INSPECTION. Beneficiary, its agents and employees, may enter the Property at any
reasonable time forthe purpose of inspecting the Property and Collateral and ascertaining Trustor's
compliance with the terms hereof.
5.12 FURTHER A§SURANCES AND CREDIT REPORTS. Trustor and Borrower will, on request of
Beneficiary, promptly (i)correctany defect, error oromission which may be discovered in the contents
ofthis Deed of Trustor in any other instrument now or hereafter executed in connection herewith or
in the execution or acknowledgm ent thereof; (ii) execute, acknowledge, deliverand record orfile such
furtherinstruments (including, without limitation, further deeds oftrust, security agreements, financing
statements, continuation statements and assignments of rents and leases) and do such further acts
as may be reasonably necessary, desirable or proper to carry out more effectively the purposes of
this Deed of Trust and such other instruments and to su bjectto the liens and security interests hereof
and thereof any property intended by the terms hereof and thereofto be covered hereby and thereby
including, without limitation, any renewals, additions, substitutions, replacements or appurtenances
to the Property; (iii) execute, acknowledge, deliver, procure and record or file any document or
7 sssacs.4 (6/04/08)

instrument (including, without limitation, any financing statement) deem ed advisable by Beneficiary
to protect the lien or the security interest hereunder against the rights orinterests ofthird persons; and
(iv) provide such certificates, documents, reports, information, affidavits, appraisals, credit reports and
other instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably necessary, desirable or proper in
the reasonable determination of Beneficiary to assure Trustor's performance under the Loan
Documents and Trustor will pay all costs connected with any of the foregoing. In addition, Trustor
authorizes Beneficiary to obtain credit information about Trustorfrom time to time (for example, by
requesting a credit report) and to report to others Beneficiary's credit experience with Trustor (such
as a credit reporting agency).
5.13 APPRAISAL. If at any time during the existence ofthe Secured Obligations, or during any renewal
period, (but only aher a Default has occurred) Beneficiary deems it necessary to have the Land and
Improvements appraised, Trustor agrees to such and acknowledges that Trustor will bear the cost
ofthe new appraisal. Beneficiary will deem it necessary to obtain a new appraisal ifthere is a Default
under this Deed of Trust, or if deterioration of the financial condition of Trustor occurs, or if
deterioration of the value ofthe Land and Improvements occurs caused by economic conditions or
physical obsolescence and a new appraisal is therefore required by applicable banking statutes or
regulations.
5.14 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
(i) Borrower shall deliver to Beneficiary, as soon as available and in any event within ninety (90)
days afterthe Iastday of each fiscal year, financial statements, which shall include a balance
sheet and, as applicable, related statements of income, retained earnings, and contingent
liabilities showing the financial condition ofBorrower as ofand forsuch year, certified as true
and correct by Borrower. In addition, Borrower will provide to Beneficiarya true, correctand
com plete copy of the federal income tax return for Borrower and a true and correct copy of
each amended tax return within thirty (30) days after the filing of each such tax return.
(ii) Trustor shall deliver to Beneficiary, as soon as available and in any eventwithin ninety (90)
days after the last day of each calendar year, financial statements, which shall include a
balance sheet and, as applicable, related statements ofincome, cash flow, and contingent
liabilities showing the financial condition ofTrustor as of and for such year, certihed as true
and correct by Trustor. In addition, Trustor will provide to Beneficiary a true, correct and
com plete copy of the federal income tax return for Trustor and a true and correct copy of
each amended tax return within thirty (30) days after the filing of each such tax return.
ARTICLE 6. DEFAULT PROVISIONS
6.1 DEFAULT. The term "Default" as used in this Deed of Trustshall mean the occurrence ofany of the
following events (but subject to any applicable cure and/or grace period):
(i) Failure to Pay Secured Obligations. The failure, refusal or neglect of Borrower to make
due and punctual payment ofprinclpalor interest on the Secured Obligations, or any portion
thereof, as the same shall become due and payable; or
(ii) Non-Performance of Covenants. The failure of Trustor or Borrowerto timely and properly
observe, keep or perform any covenant, agreement, warranty or condition required herein;
or
(iii) False Representation. Any representation by Trustoror Borrower contained herein orin any
other Loan Document or otherwise made by Trustor or Borrowerto Beneficiary in connection
with the Secured Obligations and Loan Documents is false or misleading when made in any
material respect; or
8 sesaos.4 (6104/oa)

(iv) Bankruptcy or Insolvency. lf the owner of the Property or Borrower: (a) becomes
insolvent, or makes a transfer in fraud of creditors, or makes an assignment for the benefit
of creditors, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due; (b) generally
is not paying its debts as such debts become due; (c) has a receiver, trustee or custodian
appointed for, or take possession of, all or substantially all ofthe assets of such party or any
of the Property, either in a proceeding brought by such party or in a proceeding brought
against such party and such appointment is not discharged or such possession is not
terminated within sixty (60) days after the effective date thereofor such party consents to or
acquiesces in such appointment or possession; (d) hles a petition for reliefunder the United
States Bankruptcy Code or any otherpresentorfuture federal or state insolvency, bankruptcy
or similar law (all of the foregoing hereinafter collectively referred to as "Appllcable
Bankruptcy Law") or an involuntary petition for relief is Hled against such party under any
Applicable Bankruptcy Law and such involuntary petition is not dismissed within sixty (60)
days after the filing thereof, or an order for relief naming such party is entered under any
Applicable Bankruptcy Law, or any composition, rearrangement, extension, reorganization
or other relief of debtors now or hereafter existing is requested or consented to by such party;
(e) fails to have discharged within a period of sixty (60) days any attachment, sequestration
or similar writ levied upon any property of such party; or (f) fails to pay within thirty (30) days
any final money judgment against such party; or
(v) Action by Other Lienholder. The holder of any lien or security interest on the Property
(without hereby implying the consent of Beneficiary to the existence or creation of any such
lien or security interest) declares a default thereunderand such defaultis notcured within any
applicable grace and/or notice and cure period, or institutes foreclosure or other proceedings
for the enforcement of its remedies thereunder; or
(vi) Other Liens. Without the prior written consent of Beneficiary, Trustor creates, places or
perm its to be created or placed, orthrough any act orfailure to act, acquiesces in the placing
of, or allows to remain, any deed oftrust, mortgage, voluntary or involuntary lien, whether
statutory, constitutional or contractual (except for the lien for ad valorem taxes on the
Property which are notdelinquent), security interest, encumbrance or charge, or conditional
sale or other title retention document, against or covering the Property, or any part thereof,
other than permitted encumbrances, regardless of whether the same are expressly or
otherwise subordinate to the lien or security inte rest created in this Deed ofTrust, or acquires
any Fixtures, equipmentor other property forming a part of the Property pursuantto a lease,
license or similar agreement; or
(vii) Other Contracts. If a "Default" occurs under any other written agreement between
Beneficiary and Trustor, or Beneficiary and Borrower; or
(viii) Death. If any individual Trustor dies.
6.2 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. Atany time after Default, Beneficiary and/or Trustee shall each have all
the following rights and remedies:
With or without notice, to declare all Secured Obligations immediately due and payable;
With or without notice, and without releasing Trustor or Borrower from any Secured Obligation,
and without becoming a mortgagee in possession, to cure any breach or Default of Trustor or
Borrower and, in connection therewith, to enter upon the Property and do such acts and things
as Beneficiary or Trustee deem necessary or desirable to protectthe security hereof, including,
without limitation: (i) to appear in and defend any action or proceeding purporting to affect the
security of this Deed ofTrust or the rights or powers of Beneficiary or Trustee under this Deed
of Trust; (ii) to pay, purchase, contestor compromise any encumbrance, charge, lien or claim of
lien which, in the sole judgment of either Beneficiary or Trustee, is or may be senior in priority to
this Deed of Trust, the judgment of Benehciary or Trustee being conclusive as between the
9 595805.4 (6104/08)

parties hereto; (iii) to obtain insurance and to pay any premiums or charges with respect to
insurance required to be carried underthis Deed ofTrust; or (iv)to employ counsel, accountants,
contractors and other appropriate persons;
To commence and maintain an action or actions in any court of competentju risdiction to foreclose
this instrument as a mortgage or to obtain specific enforcement of the covenants of Trustor
hereunder, and Trustor agrees thatsuch covenants shall be specifically enforceable by injunction
or any otherappropriate equitable remedy and thatforthe purposes ofany suitbrought underthis
subparagraph, Trustor waives the defense of Iaches and any applicable statute of limitations;
To apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for and to obtain appointment of a receiver of the
Property as a matter of strict right and without regard to the adequacy of the security for the
repayment ofthe Secured O bligations, the existence ofa declaration thatthe Secured Obligations
are immediately due and payable, orthe filing ofa notice ofdefault, and Trustor hereby consents
to such appointment;
To enter upon, possess, manage and operate the Property or any part thereof;
To cause the Property to be sold by Trustee to satisfy the Secured Obligations through the
exercise of the non-judicial power of sale granted herein. Except as required by law, neither
Trustornorany other person orentity otherthan Beneficiaryshall have the rlghtto directthe order
in which the Property is sold;
To resort to and realize upon the security hereunder and any other security now or later held by
Beneficiary concurrently or successively and in one or several consolidated or independent
judicial actions or lawfully taken non—judicial proceedings, or both; and
Upon sale ofthe Property at any judicial or non-judicial foreclosure, Beneficiary may credit bid
(as determined by Beneficiary in its sole and absolute discretion) all or any portion ofthe Secured
Obligations. In determining such credit bid, Beneficiary may, but is not obligated to, take into
account all or any of the following: (l) appraisals of the Property as such appraisals may be
discounted or adjusted by Beneficiary in its sole and absolute underwriting discretion;
(ii) expenses and costs incurred by Beneficiary with respect to the Property prior to foreclosure;
(iii) expenses and costs which Beneficiary anticipates will be incurred with respect to the Property
after foreclosure, but prior to resale, including, without limitation, the costs of any structural
reports, hazardous waste reports or any remediation costs related thereto; (iv) anticipated
discounts upon resale ofthe Property as a distressed orforeclosed property; and (v) such other
factors or matters that Beneficiary deems appropriate. In regard to the above, Trustor
acknowledges and agrees that: (w) Beneficiary is not required to use any or all ofthe foregoing
factors to determine the amount of its credit bid; (x) this Section does not impose upon
Beneficiary any additional obligations that are not imposed by law at the time the credit bid is
made; (y) the amount of Beneticiary‘s credit bid need not have any relation to any loan-to-value
ratios specitied in the Loan Documents or previously discussed between Trustor and Beneficiary;
and (z) BeneHciary's credit bid may be higher or lower than any appraised value ofthe Property.
6.3 APPLICATION OF FORECLOSURE SALE PROCEEDS. Except as may be otherwise required by
applicable law, after deducting all costs, fees and expenses of Trustee, and ofthis trust, including,
without limitation, cost of evidence oftitle and attorneys‘ fees in connection with sale and costs and
expenses of sale and ofanyjudicial proceeding wherein such sale may be made, all proceeds ofany
foreclosure sale shall be applied: (a) to payment ofall sums expended by Beneficiary underthe terms
hereof and not then repaid, with accrued interest at the rate of interest specified in the Note to be
applicable on or after maturity or acceleration of the Note; (b) to payment of all other Secured
Obligations; and (c) the remainder, if any, to the person or persons legally entitled thereto.
6.4 APPLICATION OF OTHER SUMS. All sums received by Beneficiary under this Deed ofTrust other
than those described in Section 6.3, less all costs and expenses incurred by Benehciary or any
receiver, including, without limitation, attorneys‘ fees, shall be applied in payment of the Secured
10 sssiws.4 (6/0410s)

Obligations in such order as Benehciary shall determine in its sole discretion; provided, however,
Beneficiary shall have no liability for funds not actually received by Beneficiary.
6.5 NO CURE OR WAIVER. NeitherBeneficiary's nor Trustee's norany receiver's entry upon and taking
possession of all or any part ofthe Property and Collateral, nor any collection ofrents, issues, profits,
insurance proceeds, condemnation proceeds or damages, other security or proceeds of other
security, or other sums, northe application ofany collected sum to any Secured Obligation, northe
exercise or failure to exercise of any other right or remedy by Beneficiary or Trustee or any receiver,
shall cure or waive any breach, Default or notice of Default under this Deed of Trust, or nullify the
effect of any notice of Defaultor sale (unless all Secured Obligations then due have been paid and
performed and Trustor has cured all other Defaults), or impair the status of the security, or prejudice
Beneficiary or Trustee in the exercise of any right or remedy, or be construed as an affirmation by
Beneficiary of any tenancy, lease or option or a subordination of the lien of, or security interests
created by, this Deed of Trust.
6.6 PAYMENT OF COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES. Trustor agrees to pay to
Beneficiary immediately and without demand all costs and expenses incurred by Trustee and
Beneficiary pursuant to this Article 6 (including, without limitation, court costs and attorneys' fees,
whether incurred in litigation, including, without limitation, at trial, on appeal or in any bankruptcy or
other proceeding, or not and the costs of any appraisals obtained in connection with a determination
ofthe fair value ofthe Property). In addition, Trustorwill pay a reasonable fee for title searches, sale
guarantees, publication costs, appraisal reports or environmental assessments made in preparation
for and in the conduct of any such proceedings or suit, and shall pay to Trustee all Trustee's fees
hereunder and shall reimburse Trustee for all expenses incurred inthe administration of this trust,
including, without limitation, any attorneys' fees. All of the foregoing amounts must be paid to
Beneficiary as part ofany reinstatement tendered hereunder. In the event of any legal proceedings,
court costs and attorneys’ fees shall be set by the court and not byjury and shall be included in any
judgment obtained by Lender.
6.7 POWER TO FILE NOTICES AND CURE DEFAULTS. Trustor hereby irrevocably appoints
Beneficiary and its successors and assigns, as its attorney-in—fact, which agency is coupled with an
interest, to prepare, execute and file or record any document necessary to create, perfect or preserve
Beneficiary‘s security interests and rights in or to any of the Property and Collateral, and upon the
occurrence of an event, act or omission which, with notice or passage of time or both, would
constitute a Default, Beneficiary may perform any obligation of Trustor hereunder.
6.8 REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. All rights and remedies of Beneficiary and Trustee provided hereunder
are cumulative and are in addition to all rights and remedies provided by applicable law (including
specifically that of foreclosure of this instrument as though it were a mortgage) or in any other
agreements between Trustor and Beneficiary. No failure on the part of Beneficiary to exercise any
of its rights hereunder arising upon any Default shall be construed to prejudice its rights upon the
occurrence of any other or subsequent Default. No delay on the part of Beneficiary in exercising any
such rights shall be construed to preclude it from the exercise thereof at any time while that Default
is continuing. Beneficiary may enforce any one or more remedies or rights hereunder successively
or concurrently. By accepting paymentor performance ofany ofthe Secured Obligations after its due
date, Beneficiary shall notwaive the agreement contained herein thattime is ofthe essence, nor shall
Beneficiary waive either its right to require prompt payment or performance when due of the
remainder of the Secured Obligations or its rig ht to considerthe failure to so pay or perform a Default.
ARTICLE 7. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
7.1 ADDITIQNAL PROVISIONS. The Loan Documents contain or incorporate by reference the entire
agreement of the parties with respect to matters contemplated herein and supersede all prior
negotiations. The Loan Documents grant further rights to Beneficiary and contain further agreements
and affirmative and negative covenants by Trustor which apply to this Deed of Trust and to the
Property and Collateral and such further rights and agreements are incorporated herein by this
reference. Where Trustorand Borrowerare not the same, “Trustor" meansthe owner ofthe Property
11 595805.4 (6104/oa)

in any provision dealing with the Property, "B0rr0we r" means the obligor in any provision dealing with
the Secured Obligations, and both where the context so requires.
7.2 ATTORNEYS' FEES. lf the Note is placed with an attorney for collection or if an attorney is engaged
by Beneficiary to exercise rights or remedies orotherwise take actions to collectthereunder or under
any other Loan Document, or ifsuit be instituted for collection, enforcement of rights and remedies,
then in all events, Trustoragree(s) to pay all reasonable costs of collection, exercise of remedies or
rights or other assertion of claims, including, but notlimited to, reasonable attorneys' fees, whether
or not court proceed ings are instituted, and, where instituted, whether in district court, appellate court,
or bankruptcy court.
7.3 NO WAIVER. No previous waiver and no failure or delay by Beneficiary in acting with respect to the
terms ofthe Note or this Deed of Trust shall constitute a waiver of any breach, default, orfailure of
condition underthe Note, this Deed of Trust orthe obligations secured thereby. Awaiver of any term
ofthe Note, this Deed of Trust or of any ofthe obligations secured thereby must be made in writing
and shall be limited to the express written terms ofsuch waiver. ln the event ofany inconsistencies
between the terms of the Note and the terms of any other document related to the loan evidenced by
the Note, the terms ofthe Note shall prevail.
7.4 MERGER. No merger shall occur as a result of Beneticiary's acquiring any other estate in, or any
other lien on, the Property unless Beneficiary consents to a merger in writing.
7.5 SUCCESSORS IN INTEREST. The terms, covenants, and conditions herein contained shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, successors and assigns ofthe parties hereto;
provided, however, that this Section does not waive or modify the provisions ofthe Section above
titled “Due on Sale or Encumbrance."
7.6 GOVERNING LAW. This Deed ofTrust shall be construed in accordance with the laws ofthe state
where the Property is located, except to the extentthat federal laws preempt the laws ofsuch state.
7.7 EXHIBITS INCORPORATED. All exhibits, schedules or other items attached hereto are incorporated
into this Deed of Trust by such attachment for all purposes.
7.8 NOTICES. All notices, demands or other communications required or permitted to be given pursuant
to the provisions ofthis Deed of Trust shall be in writing and shall be considered as properly given
ifdelivered personally or sentby firstclass United States Postal Service mail, postage prepaid, except
that notice of Default may be sent by certitied mail, return receipt requested, or by overnightexpress
mail or by overnight commercial courier service, charges prepaid. Notices so sent shall be effective
3 days after mailing, if mailed by first class mail, and otherwise upon receipt atthe address set forth
below; provided, however, that non-receipt of any communication as the result of any change of
address of which the sending party was not notified or as the result of a refusal to accept delivery
shall be deemed receipt of such communication. For purposes of notice, the address of the parties
shall be:
Trustor: Steve Lambert and Nancy Lam bert
1313 Knight Street
Arlington, Texas 76015
Trustee: Am eriTitle
15 Oregon Ave.
Bend, Oregon 97701
Beneficiary: Southwest Securities, FSB
4200 South Hulen, Suite 309
Fort Worth, Texas 76109
Attn: Kathy Dagnell
12 ssszws.4 (6/04108)

Trustor requests a copy ofany statutory notice ofdefault and a copy of any statutory notice ofsale be mailed
to Trustor at the address set forth above.
7.9 ADVERTISING. In connection with the Loan, Trustor hereby agrees that Beneficiary may publicly
identify details of the Loan in Wells Fargo advertising and public communications of all kinds,
including, but notlimited to, press releases, direct mail, newspapers, magazines,journaIs, e-mail, or
internet advertising or communications. Such details may include the name of the Property, the
address of the Property, the amount ofthe Loan, the date of the closing and a description of the
size/location of the Property.
7.10 WAIVER OF MARSHALING RIGHTS. Trustor, foritselfand for all parties claiming through orunder
Trustor, and for all parties who may acquire a lien on or interest in the Property, hereby waives all
rights to have the Property and/or any other property marshaled upon any foreclosure ofthe lien of
this Deed ofTrust or on a foreclosure ofany other lien securing the Secured Obligations. Beneficiary
shall have the rightto sell the Property and any or all of said other property as a whole or in separate
parcels, in any orderthat Beneficiary may designate.
7.11 SEVERABILITYIINVALIDITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS. lf any provision of this Deed ofTrust is
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from the rest of this Deed ofTrust
and the validity, legality and enforceability ofthe remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected
or impaired thereby. lf the lien of this Deed of Trust is invalid or unenforceable for any part ofthe
obligations secured by this Deed ofTrust, or if the lien is invalid or unenforceable for any part of the
Property, the unsecured or partially secured portion ofthe debt shall be completely paid priorto the
payment ofthe remaining portion ofthe debt, and all payments made on the debt, whether voluntarily
or under foreclosure or other enforcement action or procedure, shall be considered to have been first
paid on and applied to the full payment ofthatportion ofthe obligations secured by this Deed ofTrust
that is not secu red or fully secu red by the lien of this Deed of Trust.
7.12 RELEASE, MODIFICATION, ADDITIONAL SECURITY, CONSENT. Without affecting Borrower’s
liability forthe payment of any of the indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust, Lender may from
time to time and without notice to Trustor or Borrower (i) release any person liable for payment ofthat
indebtedness; (ii) extend or modify the terms of payment ofthat indebtedness; (iii) accept additional
real or personal property of any kind as security, or alter, substitute, or release any properly securing
that Indebtedness; or (iv) cause the Trustee to consent to making any map or plat ofthe Property, or
to reconvey any part of the Property, or to join in granting any easement or creating any restriction
on the Property, or to join in any subordination or other agreement affecting this Deed of Trust."
7.13 INTENTIONALLYOMITTED.
7.14 NO ORAL COMMITMENTS NOTICE. "Under Oregon law, most agreements, promises and
commitments made by BeneficiaryILender concerning loans and other credit extensions which
are not for personal, family or household purposes or secured solely by Borrower’s residence
must be in writing, express consideration and be signed by BeneficiaryILenderto be enforceabIe."
7.15 TRANSFER OF FEE TITLE. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE
PERSON TRANSFERRING FEE TITLE SHOULD INQUIRE ABOUT THE PERSON'S RIGHTS, IF
ANY UNDER CHAPTER 1, OREGON LAWS 2005 (BALLOT MEASURE 37 (2004)). THIS
INSTRUMENT DOES NOT ALLOW USE OF THE PROPERTY DESCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT
IN VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAND USE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. BEFORE SIGNING OR
ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON ACQUIRING FEE TITLE TO THE PROPERTY
SHOULD CHECK WITH THE APPROPRIATE CITY OR COUNTY PLANNING DEPARTMENT TO
VERIFYAPPROVED USES TO DETERMINEANY LIMITS ON LAWSUITS AGAINST FARMING OR
FOREST PRACTICES AS DEFINED IN ORS 30.930 AND TO INQUIRE ABOUT THE RIGHTS OF
NEIGHBORING PROPERTY OWNERS, IF ANY, UNDER CHAPTER 1, OREGON LAWS 2005
(BALLOT MEASURE 37 (2004)).
13 sssaus.4 (awa/cs)

7.16 SBA. The loan evidenced by the Note (the "Loan") secured by the Property was made under a
United States Small Business Administration ("SBA") nationwide program which uses tax dollars to
assistsmall business owners. Ifthe United States is seeking to enforce this Agreement, then under
SBA regulations:
(i) When SBA is the holder of the Note, this Deed of Trust and all Loan Documents will be
construed in accordance with federal law.
(ii) Bank or SBA may use local or state procedures for purposes such asfiling papers, recording
documents, giving notice, foreclosing liens, and other purposes. By using these procedures,
SBA does not waive any federal immunity from local or state control, penalty, tax or liability.
No Trustor or Borrower may claim or assert against SBA any local or state law to deny any
obligations of Trustor or Borrower, or defeat any claim of SBA with respect to the Loan.
Any clause in this Deed of Trust requiring arbitration is notenforceable when SBA is the holder ofthe Note.
For purposes of the provisions applicable to Borrower:
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Trustor and Borrower have executed this Deed of Trustas ofthe day and year set
forth above.
"TRUSTOR"
STE§E LAMBERT g
xc.,
NANCY L BERT
"BORROWER"
SLAM N, LTD., a Texas limited partnership
By: Slamn GP, Inc., a Texas corporation, its
General Partner
By; M
Name: » h~/béf
Title: {LS I
14 sssaos.4 (aroma)

STATE OF TEXAS §
§
coumv ol= _l/d/fam-l" __ 5
+*-·
This instrument was acknowledged before me on the 5} day of LHC ,2008, by_
Sky; L_4nb¢(j;, Prgsfdai of Slamn GP, Inc., a Texas corporation, the general partner of Slamn, Ltd., on behalf
ofsai  .- .. . ' .
V,g&'Yffi/5, Q KATHY DAGNELL
I #   . g   NOTAFGY ?’t.lt%l.EC
A     i}   STATE   "?“§1’¥$
tf; ,,;·r*;~=> my Qgmm my tw we-{G10 Notary Public, Stat f Texas
STATE OF TEXAS §
 
§
coumv or jgvfgzgfg __ 5
This instrument was acknowledged before me on the __6__ day of_ ,2008, by
Steve L . • ·
\,y;iJ;;y , KATHY DAGNELL
k Gyn y_y. §_7~,,`Qt t¤,;QT,!\FJ`t" l’t,5Fll..lCf2 I
  l,   P?. f, Q? $;'T!¥‘l'E (Qi? 4"'t*T><l—\S N t P bl. St H,
y ,,2, 5; if V_.,» MV COW; mi . ,  ,%;,0,0 0 ary u ic, a 0 exas
STATE OF TEXAS §
§
COUNTY OF `D0&U_;_B_____ §
This instrument was acknowledged before me on the _5 day of J (/\V\ ,2008, by
Nancy Lambert. '\
  , # '= F »\\ .»
\}»QL&J¢>¢\_     ‘~‘~&./~ ·~i‘
'sssssssssssssssssssssssssss · N [ P   '   t  
  MNA; rowing 0 ary u IC a e o exas
  State ottexos  
2`§"£w3i`.C£!lUIQ·.P!P4£"‘l·3’.(kJJ,€
15 sssacs.4 (6104/ca)

EXHIBIT A
DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY
Exhibit A to Deed of Trust with Absolute Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture
Filing executed by STEVE LAMBERT and NANCY LAMBERT, collectively, as Trustor, to AMERITITLE, as
Trustee, forthe benefit of SOUTHWEST SECURITIES, FSB, as Beneficiary, dated as of June 5, 2008.
All the certain real property located in the County of Deschutes, State of Oregon, described as follows:
Lot Three (3), Block Seventeen (17), AWBREY BUTTE HOMESITES, PHASE FIFTEEN,
recorded August 23, 1990, in Cabinet C, Page 453, Deschutes County, Oregon.
Assessor's Tax Account Number for the Property: 178417
Property Address: 1955 NW Keenan Ct., Bend, Oregon 97701
16 595805.4 (6104/oa)

I EXHIBIT B
NON-BORROWER TRUSTOR RIDER
Exhibit B to Deed of Trust with Absolute Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture
Filing executed by STEVE LAMBERT and NANCY LAMBERT, collectively, as Trustor, in favor of
AMERITITLE, as Trustee, and SOUTHWEST SECURITIES, FSB, as Beneficiary,dated as ofJune 5, 2008.
To the extent this Deed of Trust secures a promissory note and other loan docu ments ("Loan Documents")
made by a party or parties ("Borrower") not identical to the party or parties constituting Trustor, the party or
parties constituting Trustor agree as follows:
1. CONDITIONS TO EXERCISE OF RIGHTS. Trustorhereby waives any right it may now or hereafter
have to require Beneficiary, as a condition to the exercise of any remedy or other right against Trustor
hereunder or under any other document executed by Trustor in connection with any Secured
Obligation: (a) to proceed against any Borrower or other person, or against any other collateral
assigned to Beneficiary by Trustor or any Borrower or other person; (b) to pursue any other right or
remedy in Beneficiary's power; (c) to give notice ofthe time, place or terms of any public or private
sale of real or personal property collateral assigned to Beneficiary by any Borrower or other person
(other than Trustor), or otherwise to comply with the Oregon Commercial Code (as modified or
recodified from time to time) with respect to any such personal property collateral; or (d)to make or
give (except as otherwise expressly provided in the Loan Documents) any presentment, demand,
protest, notice of dishonor, notice of protest or other demand or notice ofany kind in connection with
any Secured Obligation or any collateral (other than the Property) for any Secured Obligation.
2. DEFEN§ES. Trustor hereby waives any defense it may now or hereafter have that relates to: (a) any
disability or other defense of any Borrower or other person; (b) the cessation, from any cause other
than full performance, of the obligations of Borrower or any other person; (c) the application of the
proceeds of any Secured Obligation, by any Borrower or other person, for purposes other than the
purposes represented to Trustor by any Borroweror otherwise intended or understood by Trustor or
any Borrower; (d) any act or omission by Beneficiary which directly or indirectly results in or
contributes to the release of any Borrower or other person or any collateral for any Secured
Obligation; (e) the unenforceability or invalidity of any collateral assignment (other than this Deed of
Trust) or guaranty with respect to any Secured Obligation, or the lack of perfection or continuing
perfection or lack of priority of any lien (other than the lien hereof) which secures any Secured
Obligation; (f) any failure ofBeneficiary to marshal assets in favor of Trustor or any other person; (g)
any modification of any Secured Obligation, including any renewal, extension, acceleration or
increase in interest rate; (h) any and all rights and defenses arising outof an election of remedies by
Beneficiary, even though that election of remedies, such as a nonjudicial foreclosure with respect to
security for a guara nteed obligation, has destroyed Trustor‘s rights ofsubrogation and reimbursement
againstthe principal by the operation ofapplicable law; (i) any law which provides thatthe obligation
ofa surety or guarantormust neither be larger in amount norin other respects more burdensome than
that of the principal or which reduces a surety‘s or guarantor's obligation in proportion to the principal
obligation; (j) any failure of Beneficiary to file orenforce a claim in any bankruptcy orother proceeding
with respect to any person; (k) the election by Beneficiary, in any bankruptcy proceeding of any
person, of the application or non-application of Section 1111(b)(2) ofthe United States Bankruptcy
Code; (I) any extension of credit or the grant of any lien under Section 364 of the United States
Bankruptcy Code; (m) any use of cash collateral under Section 363 of the United States Bankruptcy
Code; or (n) any agreement or stipulation with respect to the provision of adequate protection in any
bankruptcy proceeding of any person. Trustor further waives any and all rights and defenses that
Trustor may have because Borrower’s debt is secured by real property; this means, among other
things, that: (1) Beneficiary may collect from Trustor withoutfirst foreclosing on any real or personal
property collateral pledged by Borrower; (2) if Beneficiary forecloses on any real property collateral
pledged by Borrower, then (A) the amountofthe debtmay be reduced only by the price forwhich that
collateral is sold at the foreclosure sale, even if the collateral is worth more than the sale price, and
(B) Beneficiary may collect from Trustor even if Beneficiary, by foreclosing on the real property
collateral, has destroyed any right Trustor may have to collect from Borrower. The foregoing
sentence is an unconditional and irrevocable waiver of any rights and defenses Trustor may have
because Borrower’s debt is secured by real property. Without limiting the generality ofthe foregoing
17 595805.4 (6104108)

or any other provision hereof, Trustorfurther expressly waives to the extent permitted bylaw any and
all rights and defenses, including without limitation any rights of subrogation, reimbursement,
indemnification and contribution, which mightothervvise be available to Trustorunder applicable law.
3. SUBROGATION. Trustor hereby waives, until such time as all Secured Obligations are fully
performed: (a) any right of subrogation against any Borrower that relates to any Secured Obligation;
(b) any right to enforce any remedy Trustor may now or hereafter have against any Borrower that
relates to any Secured Obligation; and (c) any right to participate in any collateral now or hereafter
assigned to Beneficiary with respect to any Secured Obligation.
4. BORROWER INFORMATION. Trustorwarrants and agrees: (a)that Beneficiary would not make the
Loan but forthis Deed of Trust; (b) that Trustor has not relied, and will not rely, on any representations
or warranties by Beneficiary to Trustor with respect to the credit worthiness of any Borrower orthe
prospects of repayment of any Secured Obligation from sources other than the Property; (c) that
Trustor has established and/or will establish adequate means of obtaining from each Borrower on a
continuing basis financial and other information pertaining to the business operations, if any, and
financial condition ofeach Borrower; (d) that Trustor assumes full responsibility for keeping informed
with respect to each Borrower's business operations, if any, and financial condition; (e) that
Beneficiary shall have no duty to disclose or reportto Trustor any information now or hereafter known
to Beneficiary with respect to any Borrower, including, without limitation, any information relating to
any of Borrower's business operations or financial condition; and (f) that Trustor is familiar with the
terms and conditions of the Loan Documents and consents to all provisions thereof.
5. REINSTATEMENT OF LIEN. BeneHciary's rights hereundershall be reinstated and revived, and the
enforceability of this Deed of Tru st shall continue, with respect to any amount at any time paid on
account of any Secured Obligation which Beneficiary is thereafter required to restore or return in
connection with a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding with respect to any
Borrower.
6. SUBORDINATION. Until all ofthe Secured Obligations have been fully paid and performed: (a)
Trustor hereby agrees that all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of each
Borrower to Trustor (collectively, the "Subordinated Debt") shall be and are here by subordinated to
all Secured Obligations which constitute obligations ofthe applicable Borrower, and the payment
thereof is hereby deferred in right of payment to the prior payment and performance of all such
Secured Obligations; (b) Trustor shall not collect or receive any cash or non-cash payments on any
Subordinated Debt or transfer all or any portion ofthe Subordinated Debt; and (c) in the event that,
notwithstanding the foregoing, any payment by, ordistribution of assets of, any Borrower with respect
to any Subordinated Debt is received by Trustor, such payment or distribution shall be held in trust
and immediately paid over to Beneficiary, is hereby assigned to Beneficiary as security for the
Secured Obligations, and shall be held by Beneficiary in an interest bearing accountuntil all Secured
Obligations have been fully paid and performed.
7. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS.
a. Special Representations and Warranties. Without in anyway limiting the other representations
and warranties set forth in this Deed of Trust, and after reasonable investigation and inquiry,
Trustor hereby represents and warrants to the best of Trustor‘s knowledge as ofthe date of this
Deed of Trust as follows:
(i) Hazardous Materials. Exceptas previously disclosed to Beneficiary by Trustor, the Property
is not and has not been a site for the use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment,
release, threatened release, discharge, disposal, transportation or presence of any oil,
flammable explosives, asbestos, urea formaldehyde insulation, radioactive materials,
hazardous wastes, toxic or contaminated substances or similar materials, including, without
limitation, any substances which are "hazardous substances," "hazardous wastes,"
"hazardous materials," "toxic su bstances," "wastes," "regulated substances," "ind ustrial solid
wastes," or "pollutants" under the Hazardous Materials Laws, as described below, and/or
other applicable environmental laws, ordinances and regulations (collectively, the
"Hazardous Materials").
18 sssaos.4 (6/04/08)

(ii) Hazardous Materials Laws. The Property is in compliance with all laws, ordinances and
regulations relating to Hazardous Materials ("Hazardous Materials Laws"), including, without
limitation: the Clean AirAct, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 7401 ggeg.; the Federal Water
Pollution Control Act, as amended, 33 U.S.C. Section 1251 gg gg.; the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act of1976, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901 gjgg.; the
Comprehensive Environment Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as
amended (including the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986,
"CERCLA"), 42 U.S.C. Section 9601 gtgag.; the Toxic Substances ControIAct, as amended,
15 U.S.C. Section 2601 Q ggg.; the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended, 29
U.S.C. Section 651, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of1986, 42
U.S.C. Section 11001 gtggl.; the Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended, 30
U.S.C. Section 801 ggeg.; the Safe Drinking Water Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section
300fg§g.; and all comparable state and local laws, laws of otherjurisdictions or orders and
regulations.
(iii) Hazardous Materials Claims. There are no claims or actions ("Hazardous Materials
Claims") pending or threatened againstTrustor or the Property by any governmental entity
or agency or by any other person or entity relating to Hazardous Materials or pursuantto the
Hazardous Materials Laws.
b. Hazardous Materials Covenants. Trustor agrees as follows:
(i) No Hazardous Activities. Trustor shall notcause or permitthe Property to be used as a site
for the use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, release, discharge, disposal,
transportation or presence of any Hazardous Materials.
(ii) Compliance. Trustor shall comply and cause the Property and Collateral to comply with all
Hazardous Materials Laws.
(iii) Notices. Trustor shall im medlately notify Beneficiary in writing of: (A) the discovery ofany
Hazardous Materials on, under or about the Property and Collateral; (B) any knowledge by
Trustorthatthe Property and Collateral does not comply with any Hazardous Materials Laws;
(C) any Hazardous Materials Claims; and (D) the discovery of any occurrence or condition
on any real property adjoining orin the vicinity ofthe Property and Collateral that could cause
the Property and Collateral or any part thereof to be designated as Border Zone Property.
(iv) Remedial Action. In response to the presence of any Hazardous Materials on, under or
about the Property, Trustor shall immediately take, at Trustor's sole expense, all remedial
action required by any Hazardous Materials Laws or any judgment, consent decree,
settlement or compromise in respect to any Hazardous Materials Claims.
c. Inspection By Beneficiary. Upon reasonable prior notice to Trustor, Beneficiary, its employees
and agents may from time to time (whether before or after the commencement ofa nonjudicial
orjudicial foreclosure proceeding) enter and inspect the Property and Collateral for the purpose
of determining the existence, location, nature and magnitude of any past or present release or
threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into, onto, beneath or from the Property and
Collateral.
d. Hazardous Materials Indemnity. TRUSTOR HEREBY AGREES TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY
AND HOLD HARMLESS BENEFICIARY, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES,
AGENTS, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS FOR, FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL
LOSSES, DAMAGES, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS,ACTION S,JUDGMENTS,COURT COSTS AND
LEGAL OR OTHER EXPENSES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEYS' FEES
AND EXPENSES) WHICH BENEFICIARY MAY INCUR AS A DIRECT OR INDIRECT
CONSEQUENCE OF THE USE, GENERATION, MANUFACTURE, STORAGE, DISPOSAL,
THREATENED DISPOSAL, TRANSPORTATION OR PRESENCE OF HAZARDOUS
MATERIALS IN, ON, UNDER OR ABOUT THE PROPERTY AND COLLATERAL. TRUSTOR
SHALL IMMEDIATELY PAY TO BENEFICIARY UPON DEMAND ANY AMOUNTS OWING
UNDER THIS INDEMNITY, TOGETHER WITH INTEREST FROM THE DATE THE
INDEBTEDN ESS ARISES UNTIL PAID AT THE RATE OF INTEREST APPLICABLE TO THE
PRINCIPAL BALANCEOFTHE NOTE. TRUSTOR'S DUTY AND OBLIGATIONS TO DEFEND,
19 sssaos.4 (6/04/ca)

INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS BENEFICIARY SHALL SURVIVETHE CANCELLATION
OF THE NOTE AND THE RELEASE, RECONVEYANCE OR PARTIAL RECONVEYANCE OF
THIS DEED OF TRUST.
e. Legal Effect of Section. Trustor and Beneficiary agree that Trustor‘s duty to indemnify
Beneficiary hereunder shall survive: (iii) any judicial or non-judicial foreclosure under this Deed
of Trust, or transfer of the Property in lieu thereof, (iv) the release and reconveyance or
cancellation of this Deed of Trust; and (v) the satisfaction of all of Trustor's obligation underthe
Loan Documents.
8. LAWFULNESS AND REASONABLENESS. Trustor warrants that all of the waivers in this Deed of
Trust are made with full knowledge of their significance, and ofthe fact that events giving rise to any
defense or other benetitwaived by Trustor may destroy orimpair rights which Trustorwould otherwise
have against Beneficiary, Borrower and other persons, or against collateral. Trustor agrees that all
such waivers are reasonable under the circumstances and further agrees that, if any such waiver is
detemwined (by a court of competentjurisdiction) to be contrary to any law or public policy, the other
waivers herein shall nonetheless remain in full force and effect.
9. ENFORCEABILITY. Trustor hereby acknowledges that: (a) the obligations undertaken by Trustor
in this Deed of Trust are com plex in nature, and (b) numerous possible defenses to the enforceability
of these obligations may presently exist and/or may arise hereafter, and (c) as part of Beneficiary's
consideration for entering into this transaction, Beneficiary has specifically bargained forthe waiver
and relinquishment by Trustor of all such defenses, and (d) Trustor has had the opportunity to seek
and receive legal advice from skilled legal counsel in the area of financial transactions ofthe type
contemplated herein. Given all of the above, Trustor does hereby represent and confirm to
Beneficiary that Trustoris fully informed regarding, and that Trustor does thoroughly understand: (i)
the nature of all such possible defenses, and (ii) the circumstances under which such defenses may
arise, and (iii) the benefits which such defenses might confer upon Trustor, and (iv) the legal
consequences to Trustor of waiving such defenses. Trustor acknowledges that Trustor makes this
Deed of Trust with the intentthatthis Deed of Trust and all ofthe informed waivers herein shall each
and all be fully enforceable by Beneficiary, and that Beneficiary is induced to enter into this
transaction in material reliance upon the presumed full enforceability thereof.
10. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION-, PARTICIPATIONS. Trustor understands and agrees that
Beneficiary may elect, at any time, to sell, assign, or participate all or any part of BeneHciary's interest
in the Loan, and that any such sale, assignment or participation may be to one or more financial
institutions, private investors, and/or other entities, at Beneticiary's sole discretion. Trustor further
agrees that Beneficiary may disseminate to any such potential purchaser(s), assignee(s) or
participant(s) all documents and information (including, without limitation, all financial information)
which has been or is hereafter provided to or known to Beneficiary with respect to: (a) the Property
and Collateral and its operation; (b) any party connected with the Loan (including, without limitation,
the Trustor, the Borrower, any partner of Borrower and any guarantor); and/or (c) any lending
relationship otherthan the Loan which Benehciary may have with any party connected with the Loan.
11. WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. EACH PARTY TO THIS DEED OF TRUST, AND BY ITS
ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, BENEFICIARY, HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHTTO TRIAL
BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION (a) ARISING UNDER THE
LOAN DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE
MODIFICATION THEREOF OR (b) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR
INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH
RESPECT TO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS (AS NOW OR HEREAFTER MODIFIED) OR ANY OTHER
INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION
HEREWITH, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, IN EACH CASE
WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN
CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE; AND EACH PARTY AND BENEFICIARY HEREBY
AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS DEED OF TRUST AND BENEFICIARY
MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT
AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND BENEFICIARY
TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.
20 ssszws.4 (610410a)

12. INTEGRATION; INTERPRETATION. This Deed of Trustand the other Loan Documents contain or
expressly incorporate by reference the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters
contemplated therein and supersede all prior negotiations or agreements, written or oral. This Deed
of Trust and the other Loan Documents shall not be modified except by written instrument executed
by all parties. Any reference to the Loan Documents includes any amendments, renewals or
extensions now or hereafter approved by Beneficiary in writing.
21 sssacs.4 (6/0410a)

