DESCHUTES COUNTY OFFICIRL RECORDS
» NRNCY BLHNKENSHIP, COUNTY CLERK  
‘ IlllllllllllIlllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllll t*’*·°°
 0817'ML00800244460180197
wi ’lr>i;al -il(p‘T5;1i GS 06/06/2008 12:10:39 Pll
Recording Requested By, H°¤T onus Stn'3 PG
And Aft€rR€COrding, Return -I-O: $05.00 $10.00 $11.00 $10.00 $5.00
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION
Business Lending
Boise PO Box 8203
{Q Boise, ID 83707
Attn: Collateral Department
Tax Account Number(s) of
Subject Property:
State of Oregon
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll `
*100097423900618475*
DEED OF TRUST
AND ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND LEASES
THIS DEED OF TRUST AND ASSIGNMENT (this "Deed of Trust") is executed as of June 05, 2008, by
DANA M GILLET AND PAMELA P GILLET, husband and wife ("Grantor"), to WELLS FARGO
FINANCIAL NATIONAL BANK ("Trustee"), for the benefit of WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION ("Beneficiary").
ARTICLE I. GRANT IN TRUST
1.1 Grant. For the purposes and upon the terms and conditions in this Deed of Trust, Grantor
irrevocably grants, conveys and assigns to Trustee, in trust for the benefit of Beneficiary, with power of
sale and right of entry and possession, Grantor's interest in: (a) all real property located in Deschutes
County, Oregon and described on Exhibit A attached hereto; (b) all easements, rights-of-way and rights
used in connection with or as a means of access to any portion of said real property; (0) all tenements,
hereditaments and appurtenances thereof and thereto; (d) all right, title and interest of Grantor, now
  owned or hereafter acquired, in and to any land lying within the right-of—way of any street, open or
1 proposed, adjoining said real property, and any and all sidewalks, alleys and strips and gores of land
adjacent to or used in connection with said real property; (e) all buildings, improvements and
landscaping now or hereafter erected or located on said real property; (f) all development rights,
governmental or quasi—governmentaI licenses, permits or approvals, zoning rights and other similar
rights or interests which relate to the development, use or operation of, or that benefit or are
appurtenant to, said real property; (g) all mineral rights, oil and gas rights, air rights, water or water
rights, including without limitation, all wells, canals, ditches and reservoirs of any nature and all rights
thereto, appurtenant to or associated with said real property, whether decreed or undecreed, tributary or
non-tributary, surface or underground, appropriated or unappropriated, and all shares of stock in any
After recording return to:
First American Title
395 SW Bluff Drive, Suite 100
Bend, OR 97702

 
water, canal, ditch or reservoir company, and all well permits, water service contracts, drainage rights
and other evidences of any such rights; and (h) all interest or estate which Grantor now has or may
hereafter acquire in said real property and all additions and accretions thereto, and all awards or
payments made for the taking of all or any portion of said real property by eminent domain or any
proceeding or purchase in lieu thereof, or any damage to any portion of said real property (collectively,
the "Subject Property"). The listing of specific rights or property shall not be interpreted as a limitation of
general terms.
1.2 Address. The address of the Subject Property (if known) is: 390 SW Columbia, Bldg B, Unit 210,
Bend, OR 97702, Assessor’s Parcel No. 192967. Neither the failure to designate an address nor any
inaccuracy in the address designated shall affect the validity or priority of the lien of this Deed of Trust
on the Subject Property as described on Exhibit A. In the event of any conflict between the provisions
of Exhibit A and said address, Exhibit A shall control.
ARTICLE ll. OBLIGATIONS SECURED
2.1 Obligations Secured. Grantor makes this grant and assignment for the purpose of securing the `
following obligations (each, a "Secured Obligation" and collectively, the "Secured Obligations"):
a) payment to Beneficiary of all sums at any time owing and performance of all other obligations
arising under or in connection with that certain promissory note, loan or credit agreement,
confirmation letter and disclosure, or other evidence of debt ("Note") dated as of June 05, 2008, in
the maximum principal amount of Four HundredFive Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($405,000.00), J
with interest as provided therein, executed by Pamela P Gillet and Dana M Gillet and payable to
Beneficiary or its order, and finally maturing on June 10, 2018, together with the payment and
performance of any other indebtedness or obligations incurred in connection with the credit
accommodation evidenced by the Note, whether or not specifically referenced therein;
b) payment and performance of all obligations of Grantor under this Deed of Trust, together with all
advances, payments or other expenditures made by Beneficiary or Trustee as or for the payment
or performance of any such obligations of Grantor;
c) payment and performance of all obligations, if any, and the contracts under which they arise, which
any rider attached to and recorded with this Deed of Trust recites are secured hereby;
d) payment to Beneficiary of all liability, whether liquidated or unliquidated, dehned, contingent,
conditional or of any other nature whatsoever, and performance of all other obligations, arising
under any swap, derivative, foreign exchange or hedge transaction or arrangement (or other similar
transaction or arrangement howsoever described or defined) at any time entered into with
Beneficiary in connection with any Secured Obligation;
e) payment and performance of all future advances and other obligations that the then record owner
of the Subject Property may agree to pay and/or perform (whether as principal, surety or
guarantor) for the benefit of Beneficiary, when any such advance or other obligation is evidenced
by a writing which recites that it is secured by this Deed of Trust; and
f) all modifications, extensions and renewals of any of the Secured Obligations (including without
limitation, (i) modifications, extensions or renewals at a different rate of interest, or (ii) deferrals or
accelerations of the required principal payment dates or interest payment dates or both, in whole or
in part), however evidenced, whether or not any such modification, extension or renewal is
evidenced by a new or additional promissory note or notes, loan or credit agreement, confirmation
letter and disclosure, change in terms agreement, or other evidence of debt.
Grantor acknowledges that the terms of one or more of the Secured Obligations may provide that
the interest rate is subject to adjustment, both upward or downward adjustments and adjustments
that may increase or decrease the amount of periodic payments or may extend or shorten the term
of this Deed of Trust, or both. The priority of this Deed of Trust shall not be affected by any such
terms.

2.2 Obligations. The term "obligations" is used herein in its most comprehensive sense and includes
any and all advances, debts, obligations and liabilities heretofore, now or hereafter made, incurred or
created, whether voluntary or involuntary and however arising, whether due or not due, absolute or
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, determined or undetermined, joint or several, including without
limitation, all principal, interest, charges, including prepayment charges and late charges, and loan fees
at any time accruing or assessed on any Secured Obligation.
2.3 Incorporation. All terms of the Secured Obligations are incorporated herein by this reference. All
persons who may have or acquire an interest in the Subject Property are hereby deemed to have notice
of the terms of the Secured Obligations, and to have notice, if provided therein, that: (a) the Note or any
other Secured Obligation may permit borrowing, repayment and reborrowing; and (b) the rate of interest
on one or more of the Secured Obligations may vary from time to time.
ARTICLE III. ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS
3.1 Assignment. For the purposes and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein, Grantor
irrevocably assigns to Beneficiary all of Grantor's right, title and interest in, to and under all leases,
licenses, rental agreements and other agreements of any kind relating to the use or occupancy of any of
the Subject Property, whether existing as of the date hereof or at any time hereafter entered into,
together with all guarantees of and security for any tenant's or Iessee's performance thereunder, and all
amendments, extensions, renewals and modifications thereto (each, a "Lease" and collectively, the
"Leases"), together with any and all other rents, issues and profits of the Subject Property (collectively,
"Rents"). This assignment shall not impose upon Beneficiary any duty to produce Rents from the
Subject Property, nor cause Beneficiary to be: (a) a "mortgagee in possession" for any purpose; (b)
responsible for performing any of the obligations of the lessor or landlord under any Lease; or (c)
responsible for any waste committed by any person or entity at any time in possession of the Subject
Property or any part thereof, or for any dangerous or defective condition of the Subject Property, or for
any negligence in the management, upkeep, repair or control of the Subject Property. This is a present
and absolute assignment, not an assignment for security only, and Beneficiary's right to Rents is not
contingent upon and may be exercised without taking possession of the Subject Property. Grantor
agrees to execute and deliver to Beneficiary, within five (5) days of Beneficiary's written request, such
additional documents as Beneficiary or Trustee may reasonably request to further evidence the
assignment to Beneficiary of any and all Leases and Rents. Beneficiary or Trustee, at Beneficiary's
option and without notice, may notify any lessee or tenant of this assignment of the Leases and Rents.
3.2 Protection of Security. To protect the security of this assignment, Grantor agrees:
a) At Grantor's sole cost and expense: (i) to perform each obligation to be performed by the lessor or
landlord under each Lease and to enforce or secure the performance of each obligation to be
performed by the lessee or tenant under each Lease; (ii) not to modify any Lease in any material
respect, nor accept surrender under or terminate the term of any Lease; (iii) not to anticipate the
Rents under any Lease; and (iv) not to waive or release any lessee or tenant of or from any Lease
obligations. Grantor assigns to Beneficiary all of Grantor's right and power to modify the terms of
any Lease, to accept a surrender under or terminate the term of or anticipate the Rents under any
Lease, and to waive or release any lessee or tenant of or from any Lease obligations, and any
attempt on the part of Grantor to exercise any such rights or powers without Beneficiary's prior
written consent shall be a breach of the terms hereof.
b) At Grantor's sole cost and expense, to defend any action in any manner connected with any Lease
or the obligations thereunder, and to pay all costs of Beneficiary or Trustee, including reasonable
attorneys' fees, in any such action in which Beneficiary or Trustee may appear.
c) That, should Grantor fail to do any act required to be done by Grantor under a Lease, then
Beneficiary or Trustee, but without obligation to do so and without notice to Grantor and without
releasing Grantor from any obligation hereunder, may make or do the same in such manner and to
such extent as Beneficiary or Trustee deems necessary to protect the security hereof, and, in
I

exercising such powers, Beneficiary or Trustee may employ attorneys and other agents, and
Grantor shall pay necessary costs and reasonable attorneys' fees incurred by Beneficiary or
Trustee, or their agents, in the exercise of the powers granted herein. Grantor shall give prompt
notice to Beneficiary of any default by any lessee or tenant under any Lease, and of any notice of
default on the part of Grantor under any Lease received from a lessee or tenant thereunder,
together with an accurate and complete copy thereof. ‘
d) To pay to Beneficiary immediately upon demand all sums expended under the authority hereof,
including reasonable attorneys' fees, together with interest thereon at the highest rate per annum
payable under any Secured Obligation, and the same, at Beneficiary's option, may be added to
any Secured Obligation and shall be secured hereby.
3.3 License. Beneficiary confers upon Grantor a license ("License") to collect and retain the Rents as,
but not before, they come due and payable, until the occurrence of any Default. Upon the occurrence of
any Default, the License shall be automatically revoked, and Beneficiary or Trustee may, at
Beneficiary's option and without notice, either in person or by agent, with or without bringing any action,
or by a receiver to be appointed by a court: (a) enter, take possession of, manage and operate the
Subject Property or any part thereof; (b) make, cancel, enforce or modify any Lease; (c) obtain and evict
tenants, fix or modify Rents, and do any acts which Beneficiary or Trustee deems proper to protect the
security hereof; and (d) either with or without taking possession of the Subject Property, in its own
name, sue for or othenivise collect and receive all Rents, including those past due and unpaid, and apply
the same in accordance with the provisions of this Deed of Trust. The entering and taking possession
of the Subject Property, the collection of Rents and the application thereof as aforesaid, shall not cure or
waive any Default, nor waive, modify or affect any notice of default hereunder, nor invalidate any act
done pursuant to any such notice. The License shall not grant to Beneficiary or Trustee the right to
possession, except as provided in this Deed of Trust.
3.4 Assignment of Leases Perfected. The assignment by Grantor of the Leases and Rents in this
Article III is intended to be perfected upon the recording of this Deed of Trust as provided in ORS
93.806.
ARTICLE IV. RIGHTS AND DUTIES QF THE PARTIES
4.1 Img, Grantor warrants that, except as disclosed to Beneficiary prior to the date hereof in a writing
which refers to this warranty, Grantor Iavvfully possesses and holds fee simple title to, or if permitted by (
Beneficiary in writing, a leasehold interest in, the Subject Property without limitation on the right to  
encumber, as herein provided, and that this Deed of Trust is a valid lien on the Subject Property and all I
of Grantor‘s interest therein. j
4.2 Taxes and Assessments. Subject to the right, if any, of Grantor to contest payment of the following
pursuant to any other agreement between Grantor and Beneficiary, Grantor shall pay prior to
delinquency all taxes, assessments, levies and charges imposed: (a) by any public or quasi-public
authority or utility company which are or which may become a lien upon or cause a loss in value of the
Subject Property or any interest therein; or (b) by any public authority upon Beneficiary by reason of its
interest in any Secured Obligation or in the Subject Property, or by reason of any payment made to
Beneficiary pursuant to any Secured Obligation; provided however, that Grantor shall have no obligation
to pay any income taxes of Beneficiary. Promptly upon request by Beneficiary, Grantor shall furnish to
Beneficiary satisfactory evidence of the payment of all of the foregoing. Beneficiary is hereby
authorized to request and receive from the responsible governmental and non-governmental personnel
written statements with respect to the accrual and payment of any of the foregoing.
4.3 Performance of Secured Obligations. Grantor shall promptly pay and perform each Secured
Obligation when due.

4.4 Liens, Encumbrances and Charges. Grantor shall immediately discharge any lien on the Subject
Property not approved by Beneficiary in writing. Except as otherwise provided in any Secured .
Obligation or other agreement with Beneficiary, Grantor shall pay when due all obligations secured by or
reducible to liens and encumbrances which shall now or hereafter encumber the Subject Property, 4
whether senior or subordinate hereto, including without limitation, any construction liens.
4.5 Insurance. Grantor shall insure the Subject Property against loss or damage by fire and such other
risks as Beneficiary shall from time to time require. Grantor shall carry public liability insurance, flood
insurance as required by applicable law and such other insurance as Beneficiary may reasonably
require, including without limitation, business interruption insurance or loss of rental value insurance.
Grantor shall maintain all required insurance at Grantor's expense, under policies issued by companies
and in form and substance satisfactory to Beneficiary. Neither Beneficiary nor Trustee, by reason of
accepting, rejecting, approving or obtaining insurance, shall incur any liability for: (a) the existence,
nonexistence, form or legal sufficiency thereof; (b) the solvency of any insurer; or (c) the payment of
losses. All policies and certificates of insurance shall name Beneficiary as loss payee, and shall provide
that the insurance cannot be terminated as to Beneficiary except upon a minimum of ten (10) days' prior
written notice to Beneficiary. Immediately upon any request by Beneficiary, Grantor shall deliver to
Beneficiary the original of all such policies or certificates, with receipts evidencing annual prepayment of
the premiums.
The following notice is provided pursuant to ORS 746.201:
Unless Grantor provides Beneficiary with evidence of the insurance coverage as required by this Deed
of Trust or any other agreement between Grantor and Beneficiary, Beneficiary may purchase insurance
at Grantor's expense to protect Beneficiary's interest. This insurance may, but need not, also protect
Grantor's interest. If the collateral becomes damaged, the coverage Beneficiary purchases may not pay  
any claim Grantor makes or any claim made against Grantor. Grantor may later cancel this coverage (
by providing evidence that Grantor has obtained property coverage elsewhere.
Grantor is responsible for the cost of any insurance purchased by Beneficiary. The cost of this
insurance may be added to the loan balance. lf the cost is added to the loan balance, the interest rate
on the underlying loan will apply to this added amount. The effective date of coverage may be the date
Grantor's prior coverage lapsed or the date Grantor failed to provide proof of coverage.
The coverage Beneficiary purchases may be considerably more expensive than the insurance Grantor
can obtain on its own and may not satisfy any need for property damage coverage or any mandatory
liability insurance requirements imposed by applicable law.
4.6 Tax and Insurance Impounds. At Beneficiary's option and upon its demand, Grantor shall, until all
Secured Obligations have been paid in full, pay to Beneficiary monthly, annually or as otherwise
directed by Beneficiary an amount estimated by Beneficiary to be equal to: (a) all taxes, assessments,
levies and charges imposed by any public or quasi-public authority or utility company which are or may
become a lien upon the Subject Property and will become due for the tax year during which such
payment is so directed; and (b) premiums for fire, other hazard and mortgage insurance next due. If
Beneficiary determines that amounts paid by Grantor are insufhcient for the payment in full of such
taxes, assessments, levies and/or insurance premiums, Beneficiary shall notify Grantor of the increased
amount required for the payment thereof when due, and Grantor shall pay to Beneficiary such additional
amount within thirty (30) days after notice from Beneficiary. All amounts so paid shall not bear interest,
except to the extent and in the amount required by law. So long as there is no Default, Beneficiary shall
apply said amounts to the payment of, or at Beneficiary's sole option release said funds to Grantor for
application to and payment of, such taxes, assessments, levies, charges and insurance premiums. lf a
Default exists, Beneficiary at its sole option may apply all or any part of said amounts to any Secured
Obligation and/or to cure such Default, in which event Grantor shall be required to restore all amounts
so applied, as well as to cure any Default not cured by such application. Grantor hereby grants and
transfers to Beneficiary a security interest in all amounts so paid and held in Beneficiary's possession,

and all proceeds thereof, to secure the payment and performance of each Secured Obligation. Upon
assignment of this Deed of Trust, Beneficiary shall have the right to assign all amounts collected and in
its possession to its assignee, whereupon Beneficiary and Trustee shall be released from all liability with
respect thereto. The existence of said impounds shall not limit Beneficiary's rights under any other
provision of this Deed of Trust or any other agreement, statute or rule of law. Within ninety-five (95)
days following full repayment of all Secured Obligations (other than as a consequence of a foreclosure
or conveyance in lieu of foreclosure of the liens and security interests securing any Secured Obligation),
or at such earlier time as Beneficiary in its discretion may elect, the balance of all amounts collected and
in Beneficiary's possession shall be paid to Grantor, and no other party shall have any right of claim
thereto.
4.7 Damages, insurance and Qondemnation Proceeds..
a) (i) All awards of damages and all other compensation payable directly or indirectly by reason of a
condemnation or proposed condemnation (or transfer in lieu thereof) for public or private use
affecting the Subject Property; (ii) all other claims and awards for damages to or decrease in value
of the Subject Property; (iii) all proceeds of any insurance policies payable by reason of loss
sustained to the Subject Property; and (iv) all interest which may accrue on any of the foregoing,
are all absolutely and irrevocably assigned to and shall be paid to Beneficiary. At the absolute
discretion of Beneficiary, whether or not its security is or may be impaired, but subject to applicable
law if any, and without regard to any requirement contained in any other Section hereof,
Beneficiary may apply all or any of the proceeds it receives to its expenses in settling, prosecuting
or defending any such claim and apply the balance to the Secured Obligations in any order, and
release all or any part of the proceeds to Grantor upon any conditions Beneficiary may impose.
Beneficiary may commence, appear in, defend or prosecute any assigned claim or action, and may
adjust, compromise, settle and collect all claims and awards assigned to Beneficiary; provided
however, that in no event shall Beneficiary be responsible for any failure to collect any claim or
award, regardless ofthe cause of the failure.
b) At its sole option, Beneficiary may permit insurance or condemnation proceeds held by Beneficiary
to be used for repair or restoration but may impose any conditions on such use as Beneficiary
deems necessary.
4.8 Maintenance and Preservation of Subject Property. Subject to the provisions of any Secured
Obligation, Grantor covenants:
a) to keep the Subject Property in good condition and repair;
b) except with Beneficiary's prior written consent, not to remove or demolish the Subject Property, nor
alter, restore or add to the Subject Property, nor initiate or acquiesce in any change in any zoning
or other land classification which affects the Subject Property;
c) to restore promptly and in good workmanlike manner any portion of the Subject Property which
may be damaged or destroyed, unless Beneficiary requires that all of the insurance proceeds be
used to reduce the Secured Obligations as provided in the Section hereof entitled Damages;
Insurance g Condemnation Proceeds;
d) to comply with and not to suffer violation of any or all of the following which govern acts or
conditions on, or othenwvise affect the Subject Property: (i) laws, ordinances, regulations, standards
and judicial and administrative rules and orders; (ii) covenants, conditions, restrictions and
equitable servitudes, whether public or private; and (iii) requirements of insurance companies and
any bureau or agency which establishes standards of insurability;
e) not to commit or permit waste of the Subject Property; and
f) to do all other acts which from the character or use of the Subject Property may be reasonably
necessary to maintain and preserve its value.
4.9 Hazardous Substances, Environmental Provisions. Grantor represents and warrants to Beneficiary
as follows:

a) Except as disclosed to Beneficiary in writing prior to the date hereof, the Subject Property is not
and has not been a site for the use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release
or threatened release, transportation or presence of any substances which are "hazardous
substances," "hazardous wastes," "hazardous materials" or "toxic substances" under the
Hazardous Materials Laws, as dehned below, and/or other applicable environmental laws,
ordinances and regulations (collectively, the "Hazardous Materials").
b) The Subject Property is in compliance with all laws, ordinances and regulations relating to
Hazardous Materials (collectively, the "Hazardous Materials Laws"), including without limitation, the
Clean Air Act, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the Federal Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act of 1976, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
Act of 1980, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, the Federal Toxic
Substances Control Act and the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as any of the same may be I
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and any other applicable federal, state or
local environmental laws, and any rules or regulations adopted pursuant to any of the foregoing.
c) There are no claims or actions pending or threatened against Grantor or the Subject Property by
any governmental entity or agency, or any other person or entity, relating to any Hazardous
Materials or pursuant to any Hazardous Materials Laws.
d) Grantor hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Beneficiary, its directors, officers,
employees, agents, successors and assigns, from and against any and all losses, damages,
liabilities, claims, actions, judgments, court costs and legal or other expenses (including without
limitation, attorneys' fees and expenses) which Beneficiary may incur as a direct or indirect
consequence of the use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or
threatened release, transportation or presence of Hazardous Materials in, on, under or about the
Subject Property. Grantor shall pay to Beneficiary immediately upon demand any amounts owing
under this indemnity, together with interest from the date of demand until paid in full at the highest
rate of interest applicable to any Secured Obligation. GRANTOR'S DUTY AND OBLIGATION TO
DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS BENEFICIARY SHALL SURVIVE THE
  CANCELLATION OF THE SECURED OBLIGATIONS AND THE RELEASE, RECONVEYANCE
OR PARTIAL RECONVEYANCE OF THIS DEED OF TRUST.
e) Grantor shall immediately advise Beneficiary in writing upon Grantor's discovery of any occurrence
or condition on the Subject Property or on any real property adjoining or in the vicinity of the
Subject Property that does or could cause all or any part of the Subject Property to be
contaminated with any Hazardous Materials or otherwise be in violation of any Hazardous
Materials Laws, or cause the Subject Property to be subject to any restrictions on the ownership,
occupancy, transferability or use thereof under any Hazardous Materials Laws.
4.10 Protection of Security. Grantor shall, at Grantor's sole expense: (a) protect, preserve and defend
the Subject Property and Grantor's title and right to possession of the Subject Property against all
adverse claims; (b) if Grantor's interest in the Subject Property is a leasehold interest or estate, pay and
perform in a timely manner all obligations to be paid and/or performed by the lessee or tenant under the
lease or other agreement creating such leasehold interest or estate; and (c) protect, preserve and
defend the security of this Deed of Trust and the rights and powers of Beneficiary and Trustee under
this Deed of Trust against all adverse claims. Grantor shall give Beneficiary and Trustee prompt notice
in writing of the assertion of any claim, the filing of any action or proceeding, or the occurrence of any
damage, condemnation offer or other action relating to or affecting the Subject Property and, if Grantor's
interest in the Subject Property is a leasehold interest or estate, of any notice of default or demand for
performance under the lease or other agreement pursuant to which such leasehold interest or estate
was created or exists.
4.11 Acceptanee of Trust; Powers and Duties gf Trustee. Trustee accepts this trust when this Deed of
Trust is executed. From time to time, upon written request of Beneficiary and, to the extent required by
applicable law presentation of this Deed of Trust for endorsement, and without affecting the personal

liability of any person for payment of any indebtedness or performance of any of the Secured
Obligations, Beneficiary, or Trustee at Beneficiary's direction, may, without obligation to do so or liability
therefor and without notice: (a) reconvey all or any part of the Subject Property from the lien of this
Deed of Trust; (b) consent to the making of any map or plat of the Subject Property; and (c) join in any
grant of easement or declaration of covenants and restrictions with respect to the Subject Property, or
any extension agreement or any agreement subordinating the lien or charge of this Deed of Trust.
Trustee or Beneficiary may from time to time apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for aid and
direction in the execution of the trusts and the enforcement of its rights and remedies available under
this Deed of Trust, and may obtain orders or decrees directing, confirming or approving acts in the
execution of said trusts and the enforce—ment of said rights and remedies. Trustee has no obligation to T
notify any party of any pending sale or any action or proceeding (including, but not limited to, actions in i
which Grantor, Beneficiary or Trustee shall be a party) unless held or commenced and maintained by
Trustee under this Deed of Trust. Trustee shall not be obligated to perform any act required of it under
this Deed of Trust unless the performance of the act is requested in writing and Trustee is reasonably
indemnified against all losses, costs, liabilities and expenses in connection therewith.
4.12 Compensation; Exculpation; Indemnification.
a) Grantor shall pay all Trustee’s fees and reimburse Trustee for all expenses in the administration of
this trust, including reasonable attorneys' fees. Grantor shall pay Beneficiary reasonable
  compensation for services rendered concerning this Deed of Trust, including without limitation, the
i providing of any statement of amounts owing under any Secured Obligation. Beneficiary shall not
directly or indirectly be liable to Grantor or any other person as a consequence of: (i) the exercise
of any rights, remedies or powers granted to Beneficiary in this Deed of Trust; (ii) the failure or
refusal of Beneficiary to perform or discharge any obligation or liability of Grantor under this Deed
of Trust or any Lease or other agreement related to the Subject Property; or (iii) any loss sustained
by Grantor or any third party as a result of Beneficiary's failure to lease the Subject Property after
any Default or from any other act or omission of Beneficiary in managing the Subject Property after
any Default unless such loss is caused by the willful misconduct or gross negligence of
Beneficiary; and no such liability shall be asserted or enforced against Beneficiary, and all such
liability is hereby expressly waived and released by Grantor.
b) Grantor shall indemnify Trustee and Beneficiary against, and hold them harmless from, any and all
losses, damages, liabilities, claims, causes of action, judgments, court costs, attorneys' fees and
other legal expenses, costs of evidence of title, costs of evidence of value, and other expenses
which either may suffer or incur: (i) by reason of this Deed of Trust; (ii) by reason of the execution
" of this trust or the performance of any act required or permitted hereunder or by law; (iii) as a result
of any failure of Grantor to perform Grantor's obligations; or (iv) by reason of any alleged obligation
or undertaking of Beneficiary to perform or discharge any of the representations, warranties,
conditions, covenants or other obligations contained in any other document related to the Subject
Property, including without limitation, the payment of any taxes, assessments, rents or other lease
obligations, liens, encumbrances or other obligations of Grantor under this Deed of Trust.
Grantor's duty to indemnify Trustee and Beneficiary shall survive the payment, discharge or
cancellation of the Secured Obligations and the release or reconveyance, in whole or in part, of
this Deed of Trust.
c) Grantor shall pay all indebtedness arising under this Section immediately upon demand by Trustee
or Beneficiary, together with interest thereon from the date of demand until paid in full at the
highest rate per annum payable under any Secured Obligation. Beneficiary may, at its option, add
any such indebtedness to any Secured Obligation.
4.13 Substitution of Trustees. From time to time, by a writing signed and acknowledged by Beneficiary
and recorded in each Office in which this Deed of Trust is recorded, Beneficiary may appoint another
trustee to act in the place and stead of Trustee or any successor. Such writing shall set forth the
recordation date and any recording or other information required by law. The recordation of such
instrument of substitution shall discharge Trustee herein named and shall appoint the new trustee as

the trustee hereunder with the same effect as if originally named Trustee herein. A writing recorded
pursuant to the provisions of this Section shall be conclusive proof of the proper substitution of such
new Trustee.
4.14 Due on Sale or Encumbrance. Except as permitted by the provisions of any Secured Obligation or
applicable law, if the Subject Property or any interest therein shall be sold, transferred (including without
limitation, where applicable, through sale or transfer of a majority or controlling interest of the corporate
stock, or any general partnership, limited liability company or other similar interests, of Grantor),
mortgaged, assigned, encumbered or leased, whether voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation of law (
(each of which actions and events is called a "Transfer"), without Beneficiary‘s prior written consent,
THEN Beneficiary may, at its sole option, declare all Secured Obligations immediately due and payable
in full. Grantor shall notify Beneficiary in writing of each Transfer within ten (10) business days of the
date thereof.
4.15 Releases, Extensions, Modifications and Additional Security. Without notice to or the consent,
approval or agreement of any persons or entities having any interest at any time in the Subject Property
or in any manner obligated under any Secured Obligation (each, an "Interested Party"), Beneficiary
( may, from time to time, release any Interested Party from liability for the payment of any Secured
Obligation, take any action or make any agreement extending the maturity or othenrvise altering the
terms or increasing the amount of any Secured Obligation, accept additional security, and enforce,
waive, subordinate or release all or a portion of the Subject Property or any other security for any
Secured Obligation. None of the foregoing actions shall release or reduce the personal liability of any
Interested Party, nor release or impair the priority of the lien of this Deed of Trust upon the Subject
Property.
4.16 Reconveyance. Upon Beneficiary‘s written request, and solely to the extent required by applicable
law upon surrender of this Deed of Trust and every note or other instrument setting forth any Secured
Obligations to Trustee for cancellation, Trustee shall reconvey, without warranty, the Subject Property,
or that portion thereof then covered hereby, from the lien of this Deed of Trust. The recitals of any
matters or facts in any reconveyance executed hereunder shall be conclusive proof of the truthfulness
thereof. To the extent permitted by law, the reconveyance may describe the grantee as "the person or
persons legally entitled thereto." Neither Beneficiary nor Trustee shall have any duty to determine the
rights of persons claiming to be rightful grantees of any reconveyance. When the Subject Property has
been fully reconveyed, the last such reconveyance shall operate as a reassignment of all future Rents
to the person or persons legally entitled thereto. Upon Beneficiary‘s demand, Grantor shall pay all costs
and expenses incurred by Beneficiary in connection with any reconveyance.
4.17 Subrogation. Beneficiary shall be subrogated to the lien of all encumbrances, whether or not
released of record, paid in whole or in part by Beneficiary pursuant to this Deed of Trust or by the
proceeds of any Secured Obligation.
4.18 Grantor Different From Obligor ("Third Party Trustor"). As used in this Section, the term "Obligor"
shall mean each person or entity obligated in any manner under any of the Secured Obligations; and
the term "Third Party Grantor" shall mean (1) each person or entity included in the definition of Grantor
herein and which is not an Obligor under all of the Secured Obligations, and (2) each person or entity
included in the definition of Grantor herein if any Obligor is not included in said definition.
a) Representations and Warranties. Each Third Party Grantor represents and warrants to Beneficiary
that: (i) this Deed of Trust is executed at an Obligor's request; (ii) this Deed of Trust complies with
all agreements between each Third Party Grantor and any Obligor regarding such Third Party
Grantor's execution hereof; (iii) Beneficiary has made no representation to any Third Party Grantor
as to the creditworthiness of any Obligor; and (iv) each Third Party Grantor has established
adequate means of obtaining from each Obligor on a continuing basis financial and other
information pertaining to such ObIigor‘s financial condition. Each Third Party Grantor agrees to
keep adequately informed from such means of any facts, events or circumstances which might in

any way affect such Third Party Grantor's risks hereunder. Each Third Party Grantor further
agrees that Beneficiary shall have no obligation to disclose to any Third Party Grantor any
information or material about any Obligor which is acquired by Beneficiary in any manner. The
liability of each Third Party Grantor hereunder shall be reinstated and revived, and the rights of
Beneficiary shall continue if and to the extent that for any reason any amount at any time paid on
account of any Secured Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by Beneficiary,
whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise, all as though (
such amount had not been paid. The determination as to whether any amount so paid must be
rescinded or restored shall be made by Beneficiary in its sole discretion; provided however, that if
Beneficiary chooses to contest any such matter at the request of any Third Party Grantor, each
Third Party Grantor agrees to indemnify and hold Beneficiary harmless from and against all costs
and expenses, including reasonable attorneys‘ fees, expended or incurred by Beneficiary in
connection therewith, including without limitation, in any litigation with respect thereto.
b) Waivers.
(i) Each Third Party Grantor waives any right to require Beneficiary to: (A) proceed against any
Obligor or any other person; (B) marshal assets or proceed against or exhaust any security held
from any Obligor or any other person; (C) give notice of the terms, time and place of any public or
private sale or other disposition of personal property security held from any Obligor or any other
person; (D) take any action or pursue any other remedy in Beneficiary's power; or (E) make any
presentment or demand for performance, or give any notice of nonperformance, protest, notice of
protest or notice of dishonor hereunder or in connection with any obligations or evidences of
indebtedness held by Beneficiary as security for or which constitute in whole or in part the Secured
Obligations, or in connection with the creation of new or additional obligations.
(ii) Each Third Party Grantor waives any defense to its obligations hereunder based upon or
arising by reason of: (A) any disability or other defense of any Obligor or any other person; (B) the
cessation or limitation from any cause whatsoever, other than payment in full, of any Secured
Obligation; (C) any lack of authority of any officer, director, partner, agent or any other person
acting or purporting to act on behalf of any Obligor which is a corporation, partnership or other type
of entity, or any defect in the formation of any such Obligor; (D) the application by any Obligor of
the proceeds of any Secured Obligation for purposes other than the purposes represented by any
Obligor to, or intended or understood by, Beneficiary or any Third Party Grantor; (E) any act or
omission by Beneficiary which directly or indirectly results in or aids the discharge of any Obligor or
any portion of any Secured Obligation by operation of law or othen/vise, or which in any way
impairs or suspends any rights or remedies of Beneficiary against any Obligor; (F) any impairment
of the value of any interest in any security for the Secured Obligations or any portion thereof,
including without limitation, the failure to obtain or maintain perfection or recordation of any interest
in any such security, the release of any such security without substitution, and/or the failure to
preserve the value of, or to comply with applicable law in disposing of, any such security; (G) any
modification of any Secured Obligation, in any form whatsoever, including without limitation the
renewal, extension, acceleration or other change in time for payment of, or other change in the
terms of, any Secured Obligation or any portion thereof, including increase or decrease of the rate
of interest thereon; or (H) any requirement that Beneficiary give any notice of acceptance of this
Deed of Trust. Until all Secured Obligations shall have been paid in full, no Third Party Grantor
shall have any right of subrogation, and each Third Party Grantor waives any right to enforce any
remedy which Beneficiary now has or may hereafter have against any Obligor or any other person,
and waives any benefit of, or any right to participate in, any security now or hereafter held by
Beneficiary. Each Third Party Grantor further waives all rights and defenses it may have arising
out of: (1) any election of remedies by Beneficiary, even though that election of remedies, such as
a non-judicial foreclosure with respect to any security for any portion of the Secured Obligations,
destroys such Third Party Grantor's rights of subrogation or such Third Party Grantor's rights to

proceed against any Obligor for reimbursement; or (2) any loss of rights any Third Party Grantor
may suffer by reason of any rights, powers or remedies of any Obligor in connection with any
anti-deficiency laws or any other laws limiting, qualifying or discharging any ObIigor's obligations,
whether by operation of the Oregon trust deed statutes (ORS 86.705 through 86.795) as from time
to time amended, or otherwise, including any rights any Third Party Grantor may have to a fair
market value hearing to determine the size of a deficiency following any trustee's foreclosure sale
or other disposition of any security for any portion of the Secured Obligations.
(iii) If any of said waivers is determined to be contrary to any applicable law or public policy, such (
waiver shall be effective to the extent permitted by applicable law or public policy.
ARTICLE V. DEFAULT PROVISIONS
5.1 Default. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute a "Default" under this Deed of Trust:
(a) Grantor shall fail to observe or perform any obligation or agreement contained herein; (b) any
, representation or warranty of Grantor herein shall prove to be incorrect, false or misleading in any
material respect when made; or (c) any default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or any
defined event of default, under any provisions of the Note or any other contract, instrument or document
executed in connection with, or with respect to, any Secured Obligation.
5.2 Rights and Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Default, and at any time thereafter, Beneficiary
and Trustee shall have all the following rights and remedies:
a) With or without notice, to declare all Secured Obligations immediately due and payable in full.
b) With or without notice, without releasing Grantor from any Secured Obligation and without
becoming a mortgagee in possession, to cure any Default of Grantor and, in connection therewith:
(i) to enter upon the Subject Property and to do such acts and things as Beneficiary or Trustee
deems necessary or desirable to protect the security of this Deed of Trust, including without
limitation, to appear in and defend any action or proceeding purporting to affect the security of this
Deed of Trust or the rights or powers of Beneficiary or Trustee hereunder; (ii) to pay, purchase,
contest or compromise any encumbrance, charge, lien or claim of lien which, in the judgment of
either Beneficiary or Trustee, is senior in priority to this Deed of Trust, the judgment of Beneficiary
or Trustee being conclusive as between the parties hereto; (iii) to obtain, and to pay any premiums
or charges with respect to, any insurance required to be carried hereunder; and (iv) to employ
counsel, accountants, contractors and other appropriate persons to assist them.
c) To commence and maintain an action or actions in any court of competent jurisdiction: (i) to
foreclose this Deed of Trust as a mortgage or to obtain specific enforcement of the covenants of
Grantor under this Deed of Trust, and Grantor agrees that such covenants shall be specifically
enforceable by injunction or any other appropriate equitable remedy; and (ii) subject to any specific
limitations set forth in any Secured Obligation, to seek recovery of a deficiency judgment against
Grantor and any other party liable for payment of the Secured Obligations, concurrently with or
following any judicial foreclosure of this Deed of Trust. For the purposes of any suit brought under
this subsection, Grantor waives the defenses of Iaches and any applicable statute of limitations.
d) To apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for and obtain appointment of a receiver of the Subject
Property as a matter of strict right and without regard to: (i) the adequacy of the security for the
repayment of the Secured Obligations; (ii) the existence of a declaration that the Secured
Obligations are immediately due and payable; or (iii) the filing of a notice of default; and Grantor
consents to such appointment.
e) To take and possess all documents, books, records, papers and accounts of Grantor or the then
owner of the Subject Property; to make or modify Leases of, and other agreements with respect to,
the Subject Property upon such terms and conditions as Beneficiary deems proper; and to make
repairs, alterations and improvements to the Subject Property deemed necessary, in Trustee‘s or

Beneficiary's judgment, to protect or enhance the security hereof.
f) To execute or cause Trustee to execute a written notice of such Default and of its election to cause
the Subject Property to be sold to satisfy the Secured Obligations. Trustee shall give and record
such notice as the law then requires as a condition precedent to a trustee's sale. When the
minimum period of time required by law after such notice has elapsed, Trustee, without notice to or
demand upon Grantor, except as otherwise required by law, shall sell the Subject Property at the
time and place of sale fixed by it in the notice of sale, at one or several sales, either as a whole or
in separate parcels and in such manner and order, all as directed by Beneficiary in its sole
discretion, at public auction to the highest bidder for cash, in lawful money of the United States,
payable at the time of sale. Except as required by law, neither Grantor nor any other person or
entity shall have the right to direct the order in which the Subject Property is sold. Subject to
requirements and limits imposed by law, Trustee may postpone any sale of the Subject Property by
public announcement at such time and place of sale, and from time to time may postpone such
sale by public announcement at the time and place fixed by the preceding postponement. Trustee
shall deliver to the purchaser at such sale a deed conveying the Subject Property or portion thereof
so sold, but without any covenant or warranty, express or implied. The recitals in said deed of any
matters or facts shall be conclusive proof of the truthfulness thereof. Any person, including
Trustee, Grantor or Beneficiary, may purchase at such sale.
g) To resort to and realize upon the security hereunder and any other security now or later held by
Beneficiary concurrently or successively and in one or several consolidated or independent judicial
actions or lawfully taken non-judicial proceedings, or both, and to apply the proceeds received in
accordance with the Section hereof entitled Application of Foreclosure Sale Proceeds, all in such
order and manner as Beneficiary shall determine in its sole discretion.
h) Upon sale of the Subject Property at any judicial or non-judicial foreclosure, Beneficiary may credit
bid (as determined by Beneficiary in its sole discretion) all or any portion of the Secured
Obligations. In determining such credit bid, Beneficiary may, but is not obligated to, take into
account all or any of the following: (i) appraisals of the Subject Property as such appraisals may be
discounted or adjusted by Beneficiary in its sole underwriting discretion; (ii) expenses and costs
incurred by Beneficiary with respect to the Subject Property prior to foreclosure; (iii) expenses and
costs which Beneficiary anticipates will be incurred with respect to the Subject Property after
foreclosure, but prior to resale, including without limitation, costs of structural reports and other due
diligence, costs to carry the Subject Property prior to resale, costs of resale (e.g., commissions,
attorneys' fees, and taxes), Hazardous Materials clean-up and monitoring, deferred maintenance,
repair, refurbishment and retrofit, and costs of defending or settling litigation affecting the Subject
Property; (iv) declining trends in real property values generally and with respect to properties
similar to the Subject Property; (v) anticipated discounts upon resale of the Subject Property as a
distressed or foreclosed property; (vi) the existence of additional collateral, if any, for the Secured
Obligations; and (vii) such other factors or matters that Beneficiary deems appropriate. Grantor
acknowledges and agrees that: (A) Beneficiary is not required to use any or all of the foregoing
factors to determine the amount of its credit bid; (B) this Section does not impose upon Beneficiary
any additional obligations that are not imposed by law at the time the credit bid is made; (C) the
amount of Beneficiary's credit bid need not have any relation to any loan-to—value ratios specified in
any agreement between Grantor and Beneficiary or previously discussed by Grantor and
Beneficiary; and (D) Beneficiary's credit bid may be, at Beneficiary's sole discretion, higher or lower
than any appraised value of the Subject Property.
5.3 Application of Foreclosure Sale Proceeds. After deducting all costs, fees and expenses of Trustee,
and of this trust, including costs of evidence of title and attorneys' fees in connection with a sale, all
proceeds of any foreclosure sale shall be applied first, to payment of all Secured Obligations (including
without limitation, all sums expended by Beneficiary under the terms hereof and not then repaid, with
accrued interest at the highest rate per annum payable under any Secured Obligation), in such order
and amounts as Beneficiary in its sole discretion shall determine; and the remainder, if any, to the

person or persons legally entitled thereto.
5.4 Application of Other Sums. All Rents or other sums received by Beneficiary or any agent or
receiver hereunder, less all costs and expenses incurred by Beneficiary or such agent or receiver,
including reasonable attorneys' fees, shall be applied to payment of the Secured Obligations in such
order as Beneficiary shall determine in its sole discretion; provided however, that Beneficiary shall have
no liability for funds not actually received by Beneficiary.
5.5 No Cure or Waiver. Neither Beneficiary's, Trustee's or any receiver's entry upon and taking
possession of the Subject Property, nor any collection of Rents, insurance proceeds, condemnation
proceeds or damages, other security or proceeds of other security, or other sums, nor the application of
any collected sum to any Secured Obligation, nor the exercise of any other right or remedy by
Beneficiary, Trustee or any receiver shall impair the status of the security of this Deed of Trust, or cure
or waive any breach, Default or notice of default under this Deed of Trust, or nullify the effect of any
notice of default or sale (unless all Secured Obligations and any other sums then due hereunder have
been paid in full and Grantor has cured all other Defaults), or prejudice Beneficiary or Trustee in the
exercise of any right or remedy, or be construed as an affirmation by Beneficiary of any tenancy, lease
or option of the Subject Property or a subordination of the lien of this Deed of Trust.
5.6 Costs, Expenses and Attorneys' Fees. Grantor agrees to pay to Beneficiary immediately upon
demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges, costs and expenses, including court costs
and reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside counsel fees and all allocated costs of Beneficiary's
in-house counsel), expended or incurred by Trustee or Beneficiary pursuant to this Article V, whether
incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding or otherwise, and including any of the
foregoing incurred in connection with any bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any
adversary proceeding, contested matter or motion brought by Beneficiary or any other person) relating
to Grantor or in any way affecting any of the Subject Property or Beneficiary's ability to exercise any of
its rights or remedies with respect thereto. All of the foregoing shall be paid by Grantor with interest
from the date of demand until paid in full at the highest rate per annum payable under any Secured
Obligation.
5.7 Power to File Notices and Cure Defaults. Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints Beneficiary and its
successors and assigns as Grantor's true attorney-in-fact to perform any of the following powers, which
agency is coupled with an interest: (a) to execute and/or record any notices of completion, cessation of
labor, or any other notices that Beneficiary deems appropriate to protect Beneficiary's interest; and (b)
upon the occurrence of any event, act or omission which with the giving of notice or the passage of
time, or both, would constitute a Default, to perform any obligation of Grantor hereunder; provided
however, that Beneficiary, as such attorney—in-fact, shall only be accountable for such funds as are
actually received by Beneficiary, and Beneficiary shall not be liable to Grantor or any other person or
entity for any failure to act under this Section.
5.8 Remedies Cumulative; No Waiver. All rights, powers and remedies of Beneficiary and Trustee
hereunder are cumulative and are in addition to all rights, powers and remedies provided by law or in
any other agreements between Grantor and Beneficiary. No delay, failure or discontinuance of
Beneficiary in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall affect or operate as a waiver of
such right, power or remedy; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy
preclude, waive or otherwise affect any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right, power or remedy.
ARTICLE VI. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
6.1 No Merger. No merger shall occur as a result of Beneficiary's acquiring any other estate in, or any
other lien on, the Subject Property unless Beneficiary specifically consents to a merger in writing.
I

6.2 Execution of Documents. Grantor agrees, upon demand by Beneficiary or Trustee, to execute any
and all documents and instruments required to effectuate the provisions hereof.
6.3 Right of inspection. Beneficiary or its agents or employees may enter onto the Subject Property at
any reasonable time for the purpose of inspecting the Subject Property and ascertaining Grantor's
compliance with the terms hereof.
6.4 Notices. All notices, requests and demands which Grantor or Beneficiary is required or may desire
to give to the other party must be in writing, delivered to Beneficiary at the following address:
Business Lending
Boise PO Box 8203
Boise, ID 83707
Attention: Collateral Department
‘ and to Grantor at its address set forth at the signature lines below, or at such other address as either
party shall designate by written notice to the other party in accordance with the provisions hereof.
6.5 Successors; Assignment. This Deed of Trust shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto;
provided however, that this Section does not waive the provisions of Section 4.14 hereof. Beneficiary
reserves the right to sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or grant participations in all or any part of, or any
interest in, Beneficiary's rights and benefits under the Note, any and all other Secured Obligations and
this Deed of Trust. In connection therewith, Beneficiary may disclose all documents and information
which Beneficiary now has or hereafter acquires relating to the Subject Property, all or any of the
Secured Obligations and/or Grantor and, as applicable, any partners, joint venturers or members of
Grantor, whether furnished by any Grantor or otherwise.
6.6 Rules of Cpnstruction. (a) When appropriate based on the identity of the parties or other
circumstances, the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter or both, and the singular number
includes the plural; (b) the term "Subject Property" means all and any part of or interest in the Subject
Property; (c) all Section headings herein are for convenience of reference only, are not a part of this
Deed of Trust, and shall be disregarded in the interpretation of any portion of this Deed of Trust; (d) if
more than one person or entity has executed this Deed of Trust as "Grantor," the obligations of all such
Grantors hereunder shall be joint and several; and (e) all terms of Exhibit A, and each other exhibit
and/or rider attached hereto and recorded herewith, are hereby incorporated into this Deed of Trust by
this reference.
6.7 Severability of Provisions. If any provision of this Deed of Trust shall be held to be prohibited by or
invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or
invalidity without invalidating the remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions of this Deed of
Trust.
6.8 Recourse to Separate Property. Any married person who executes this Deed of Trust as a Grantor
and who is obligated under any Secured Obligation agrees that any money judgment which Beneficiary
or Trustee obtains pursuant to the terms of this Deed of Trust or any other obligation of that married
person secured by this Deed of Trust may be collected by execution upon that person‘s separate
property, and any community property of which that person is a manager.
6.9 Nonresidential Use. Grantor warrants that this Deed of Trust is not and will at all times continue not
to be a residential deed (as that term is defined in ORS 86.705(3)).
6.10 Governing Law. This Deed of Trust shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of Oregon.
j .

6.11 Arbitration.
a) Arbitration. The parties hereto agree, upon demand by any party, to submit to binding arbitration
all claims, disputes and controversies between or among them (and their respective employees,
officers, directors, attorneys, and other agents), whether in tort, contract or othenrvise arising out of
or relating to in any way (i) the loan and related loan and security documents which are the subject
of this Deed of Trust and its negotiation, execution, collateralization, administration, repayment,
modification, extension, substitution, formation, inducement, enforcement, default or termination; or
(ii) requests for additional credit.
b) Governing Rules. Any arbitration proceeding will (i) proceed in a location in Oregon selected by
the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"); (ii) be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title
9 of the United States Code), notwithstanding any conflicting choice of law provision in any of the
documents between the parties; and (iii) be conducted by the AAA, or such other administrator as
the parties shall mutually agree upon, in accordance with the AAA's commercial dispute resolution
procedures, unless the claim or counterclaim is at least $1,000,000.00 exclusive of claimed
interest, arbitration fees and costs in which case the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance
with the AAA's optional procedures for large, complex commercial disputes (the commercial
dispute resolution procedures or the optional procedures for large, complex commercial disputes to
be referred to, as applicable, as the "Rules"). If there is any inconsistency between the terms
hereof and the Rules, the terms and procedures set forth herein shall control. Any party who fails
or refuses to submit to arbitration following a demand by any other party shall bear all costs and
expenses incurred by such other party in compelling arbitration of any dispute. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to be a waiver by any party that is a bank of the protections afforded to it
under 12 U.S.C. Section91 or any similar applicable state law.
c) No Waiver of Provisional Remedies, Self-Help and Foreclosure. The arbitration requirement does
not limit the right of any party to (i) foreclose against real or personal property collateral; (ii)
exercise self—help remedies relating to collateral or proceeds of collateral such as setoff or
repossession; or (iii) obtain provisional or ancillary remedies such as replevin, injunctive relief,
attachment or the appointment of a receiver, before during or after the pendency of any arbitration
proceeding. This exclusion does not constitute a waiver of the right or obligation of any party to
submit any dispute to arbitration or reference hereunder, including those arising from the exercise
of the actions detailed in sections (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph.
d) Arbitrator Qualifications and Powers. Any arbitration proceeding in which the amount in
controversy is $5,000,000.00 or less will be decided by a single arbitrator selected according to the
Rules, and who shall not render an award of greater than $5,000,000.00. Any dispute in which the
amount in controversy exceeds $5,000,000.00 shall be decided by majority vote of a panel of three
arbitrators; provided however, that all three arbitrators must actively participate in all hearings and
deliberations. The arbitrator will be a neutral attorney licensed in the State of Oregon or a neutral
retired judge of the state or federal judiciary of Oregon, in either case with a minimum of ten years
experience in the substantive law applicable to the subject matter of the dispute to be arbitrated.
The arbitrator will determine whether or not an issue is arbitratable and will give effect to the
statutes of limitation in determining any claim. In any arbitration proceeding the arbitrator will
T decide (by documents only or with a hearing at the arbitrator's discretion) any pre—hearing motions
which are similar to motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim or motions for summary
adjudication. The arbitrator shall resolve all disputes in accordance with the substantive law of
Oregon and may grant any remedy or relief that a court of such state could order or grant within
the scope hereof and such ancillary relief as is necessary to make effective any award. The
arbitrator shall also have the power to award recovery of all costs and fees, to impose sanctions
and to take such other action as the arbitrator deems necessary to the same extent a judge could
pursuant to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the Oregon Rules of Civil Procedure or other
applicable law. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court
having jurisdiction. The institution and maintenance of an action for judicial relief or pursuit of a

 
I
l
provisional or ancillary remedy shall not constitute a waiver of the right of any party, including the
plaintiff, to submit the controversy or claim to arbitration if any other party contests such action for
judicial relief.
e) Discovery. In any arbitration proceeding discovery will be permitted in accordance with the Rules.
All discovery shall be expressly limited to matters directly relevant to the dispute being arbitrated
and must be completed no later than 20 days before the hearing date and within 180 days of the
filing of the dispute with the AAA. Any requests for an extension of the discovery periods, or any
discovery disputes, will be subject to final determination by the arbitrator upon a showing that the
request for discovery is essential for the party's presentation and that no alternative means for
obtaining information is available.
f) Class Proceedings and Consolidations. The resolution of any dispute arising pursuant to the terms
of this Deed of Trust shall be determined by a separate arbitration proceeding and such dispute
shall not be consolidated with other disputes or included in any class proceeding.
g g) Payment Of Arbitration Costs And Fees. The arbitrator shall award all costs and expenses of the
arbitration proceeding.
h) Miscellaneous. To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the arbitrators and the parties shall
take all action required to conclude any arbitration proceeding within 180 days of the filing of the
dispute with the AAA. No arbitrator or other party to an arbitration proceeding may disclose the
existence, content or results thereof, except for disclosures of information by a party required in the
ordinary course of its business or by applicable law or regulation. If more than one agreement for
arbitration by or between the parties potentially applies to a dispute, the arbitration provision most
directly related to the documents between the parties or the subject matter of the dispute shall
control. This arbitration provision shall survive termination, amendment or expiration of any of the
documents or any relationship between the parties.
UNDER OREGON LAW, MOST AGREEMENTS, PROMISES AND COMMITMENTS MADE BY BANK
AFTER OCTOBER 3, 1989 CONCERNING LOANS AND OTHER CREDIT EXTENSIONS WHICH
ARE NOT FOR PERSONAL, FAMILY OR HOUSEHOLD PURPOSES OR SECURED SOLELY BY
THE BORROWER'S RESIDENCE MUST BE IN WRITING, EXPRESS CONSIDERATION AND BE
SIGNED BY BANK TO BE ENFORCEABLE.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Grantor has executed this Deed of Trust as of the date first set forth above.
Grantor(s):
Dana M Gillet
Addres  — : ` `
21835 Lo `S   nos I -  end, 0** 97  1
` hu r r  { ,
B : I ‘ B :
Name: Dana M Gillet `
Title:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Grantor has executed this Deed of Trust as of the date first set forth above.
Grant0r(s): i
Pamela P Gillet
Address(es):
21835 s Serra Drive nd, OR 97701
B : By:
Name: Pamela P illet
Title:

INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT
State of   0A/
County of   M is
This instrument was acknowledged before m  day of __ -_ _Q _ Hf  by
Dana M Gillet. / , / /
,, , ;  ,_ ,  L    
r  "·  {   ial · icer / .
Seal, if any Z , __ z ,, _
 rs '—- ·~ ~~ whx.`;—iL>—lS.··Z>LZ`:{.rC<,\ V · and Rank I f`
5   NO1rA§;_JI:|£I§§I§iS;AHT;GO g I I y commission expires: 5* I " [Z.
\‘¥,;r, N
6 \;i·r/ COMMISSION NO. 426277 5
2\  ° E" 2°  1
*~ · ‘ . . L,. ~ I A. ·\·\J
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGIVIENT
State of [   2 M
County of    
This instrument was acknowledged befor  day of I _ yi ,[ ,  0;% 
Pamela P Gillet. / / /  
1'11   . .   " I‘‘` I
rsfmrvf   O  " '_ V yr /
Seal, if any [fz 4 I, A »· .4 _ yl  
tle and Rank
,.\XN,..;\   L L L     L; ;- seq-»x>? y commission expires: Q '[ ·`[ 2_
? _;_:;o OFFICIAL SEAL X
X :5+   JULIEABEST 2
X   NOITAFIY PUBLIC-OREGON /
) \;’;  COMMISSION NO. 426277 X
y MYOOMMISS •· EXPIRES MAY12012 )
>;A."\$'x."\1\.'.Y& ’\§i"¥.-`~Z-Y-·`<$\»"Y`—`<-\J

EXHIBIT A
(Description of Property)
Exhibit A where Real Property or its address is commonly known as Assessor’s Parcel No. 192967.
Description of Property
UNIT 7 OF COLUMBIA VIEW SUITES CONDOMINIUMS, AN OREGON CONDOMINIUM AS
DESCRIBED IN THAT CERTAIN DECLARATION SUBMITTING COLUMBIA VIEW SUITES
CONDOMINIUMS TO CONDOMINIUM OWNERSHIP RECORDED JUNE 04,2008 IN INSTRUMENT NO.
2008—24105, APPERTAINING TO THE REPLAT OF LOT 5 IN SHEVLIN CENTER, PHASE THREE, CITY
OF BEND, DESCHUTES COUNTY, OREGON, AS DESCRIBED IN SAID DECLARATION, WHICH
DECLARATION IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE AND MADE A PART HEREOF AS IF
FULLY SET FORTH HEREIN, TOGETHER WITH THAT INTEREST IN THE GENERAL COMMON
ELEMENTS APPERTAINING TO SAID UNIT AS SET FORTH IN SAID DECLARATION.

