______,_ *,i_________,________,_‘,,_O_r?_2_O_,],_,__.__,_-,.  ..,i.‘ .....,...............;._..L..;...-.....~..».~...·.··-------»—---»--—--—-·»———----——-—~--—»— ---—-··» —---·- -·--Y- —--——-~—--—~- I
Y it   J G i +`°‘l9 Q Z- (0 (0 DE$¢l·lUTES COUNTY OFFICIFIL RECORDS  
' " NANCY BLRNKENSHIP , COUNTY CLERK '
RECORDATION REQUESTED BY:    
Columbia R'w•r Bank S ·
Shevlin Center
925 SW *5****** °*-· S"**° ‘°° » 111 vzoaaaozas t aaaass
"··*°· °“ °"°2 06/06/2008 02 :51 :04 Pll
PG
WHEN RECORDED MAIL T0: H-DT Cntul. $\n¤3
commu; River sank $40 . 00 $11.00 $10 .00 $5 . 00
Bend - Shevlin Center
925 SW Emkay Dr., Suite 100
Bend, OR 97702
SEND TAX NOTICES T0:
Stephen Sohlam, Carol Schlam. Gary Webb and Patricia Webb I
2339 NW Canyon Dr Q
Redmond, OR 91756 SPACE ABOVE THIS LINE IS FOR RECORDER'S USE ONLY i
*0340*
DEED OF TRUST
THIS DEED OF TRUST is dated June 3. 2008, among Stephen Schlem. Carol Schlam, Gary Webb, and Patricia
Webb ("Grantor"); Columbia River Bank, whose address is Shevlin Center, 925 SW Emkay Dr., Suite 100, Bend,
OR 97702 (referred to below sometimes as "Lender" and sometimes as "Beneficiary”); and Amerititle, whose
address is 15 Oregon Ave, Bend, OR 97709 (referred to below as "Trustee"l.
CONVEYANCE AND GRANT. For valuable consideration, represented in the Note dated June 3. 2008. ln the original principal amount ot
$256.400.00, trom Grantor to Lender, Grantor conveys to Trustee for the benefit of Lender as Beneficiary all ot Grantor's nght, title, and
interest in and to the following described real property, together with ell existing or subsequently erected or affixed buildings, improvements and
fixtures; all easements, rights of way, and appurtenances; all water, water rights and ditch rights (including stock in utilities with ditch or
rrngatlon rights); and ell other nghts, royalties, and profits relating to the real property, including without limitation all minerals, oil, gas,
geothermal and similar matters, (the "Real Property") located rn Deschutes County, State of Oregon:
` Lot Thirty-five (35), CENTENNIAL GLEN, recorded February 15, 2005, in Cabinet G, Page 612. Deschutes
County. Oregon.
The Real Property or its address is commonly known as Lot 35, Bend, OR 97702. The Reel Property tax
identification number is Code No. 1-001 Map and Tax Lot Number 18 12 04CD 00136 Account No. 247731 .
Grantor presently assigns to Lender lalso known as Beneficiary in this Deed of Tmst) all of Grantor's right, title, and interest in and to all present
and future leases of the Property and all Rents from the Property. In addition, Grantor grants to Lender a Uniform Commercial Code security
interest in the Personal Property and Rents.
THIS DEED OF TRUST, INCLUDING THE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE FENTS AND PERSONAL PROPERTY,
IS GIVEN T0 SECURE (Al PAYMHIT OF THE INDEBTEDNESS AND lBl PERFORNIANCE OF ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTE.
THE RELATED DOCUMENTS. AND THIS DEED OF TRUST. THIS DEED OF TRUST lS GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE FOLLOWING TERMS:
PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall pay to Lender all amounts secured by this
Deed ol Trust as they become due, and shall strictly and in a timely manner perform all oi Grantor‘s obligations under the Note, this Deed of
Trust, and the Related Documents.
POSSESSION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE PROPERTY. Grantor agrees that Grantoris possession and use ofthe Property shall be governed by
the following provisions:
Possession and Use. Until the occurrence ot en Event of Detault, Grantor may (1) remain in possession and control of the Propeftvi l2)
use, operate or manage the Property; and (3) collect the Rents trom the Property. The following provisions relate to the use of the
Property or to other limitations on the Property. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON TRANSFERRING FEE
TITLE SHOULD INOUIRE ABOUT THE PEFlSON‘S RIGHTS. IF ANY. UNDER ORS 197.352. T1-IIS INSTRUMENT DOES NOT ALLOW USE OF
THE PROPERTY DESCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT IN VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAND USE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. BEFORE
SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON ACOUIRING FEE TITLE TO THE PROPERTY SHOULD CHECK WITH THE
APPROPRIATE CITY OR COUNTY PLANNING DEPARTMENT TO VERIFY APPROVED USES, TO DETERMINE ANY LIMITS ON LAWSUITS
AGAINST FARMING OR FOREST PRACTICES AS DEFINED IN ORS 30.930, AND T0 INQUIRE ABOUT THE RIGHTS OF NEIGHBORING
PROPERTY OWNERS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS 197.352. y
Duty to Maintain. Grantor shall maintain the Property in tenantable condition and promptly perform all repairs, replacements, and
maintenance necessary to preserve its value.
Compliance With Environmental Laws. Grantor represents and warrants to Lender that: ll) During the period of Grantor‘s ownership ot
the Property, there has been no use, generation, menutacture. storage, treatment, disposal. release or threatened release of any Hazardous
Substance by any person on, under, about or from the Property; (2) Grantor has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that there has
been, except as previously disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, la) any breach or violation ot any Environmental Laws,
lb) any use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance on, under,
about or from the Property by any prior owners or occupants ot the Property, or (c) any actual or threatened litigation or claims of any
kind by any person relating to such matters; and (3) Except as previously disclosed to end acknowledged by Lender in writing, (al neither
Grantor nor any tenant, contractor, agent or other authorized user ot the Property shall use, generate, manufacture, store, treat, dispose or i
or release any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from the Property; and lb) any such activity shall be conducted in compliance
with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations and ordinances, including without limitation all Environmental Laws. Grantor
authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Property to make such inspections and tests. at Grantor's expense, as Lender may deem
appropriate to determine compliance of the Property with this section ot the Deed of Trust. Any inspections or tests made by Lender shall
be for Lender‘s purposes only and shall not be construed to create any responsibility or liability on the part of Lender to Grantor or to any t
other person. The representations and warranties contained herein are based on Grantofs due chligence in investigating the Property for
Hazardous Substances. Grantor hereby (1) releases and waives any future claims against Lender for indemnity or contribution in the
event Grantor becomes liable lor cleanup or other costs under any such laws; and (2) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
Lender against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or
sulter resulting irom a breach ot this section or the Deed of Trust or as a consequence of any use, generation, manutacture, storage,
disposal, release or threatened release occurring prior to Grentoris ownership or interest in the Property, whether or not the same was or
should have been known to Grantor. The provisions or this section of the Deed of Trust, including the obligation to indemnify and defend,
shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness and the satistaction and reconveyance ot the lien ot this Deed of Trust and shall not be
affected by Lender‘s acquisition of any interest in the Propefiv. whether by foreclosure or otherwise.
Nuisance, Waste. Grantor shall not cause, conduct or pennrt any nuisance nor commit, permit, or suffer any stripping or or waste on or to
the Property or any portion ot the Property. Without limiting the generality oi the toregoing. Gramer will not remove, or grant to any other
party the right to remove, any timber, mmerals (including oil and gas), coal, clay, scoria, soil, gravel or rock products without Lender's prior
written consent.
Removal of Improvements. Grantor shall not demolish or remove any Improvements from the Real Property without Lender‘s prior written
Amer recording, return to
Amsriiitls F FND
15 OREGGN ,3w’>.;i~lUF:. B-··

.--.. .... .........L-- .... .·........—.-.~.--.------—---—-—--—»-—-J--—?—-——~·~—·¥·———--:—---‘*—‘""`"""`"""““‘“"‘——·~—-——~~—-—--·——-————·— -—·- ~-~—————·—-——---—-·»—
_ 2-
¢ DEED OF TRUST
Loan ue: 95109 (Continued) Page 2
 
consent. Aa a condition to the removal ot any Improvements. Lender may require Grantor to make arrangements satisfactory to Lender to
replace such Improvements with Improvements oi at least equal value.
Lender': Right to Enter. Lender and Lender's agents and representatives may enter upon the Real Property at all reasonable times to attend
to Lender‘s interests and to inspect the Beal Property for purposes of Grantor's compliance with the terms and conditions of this Deed of
· Trust.
Compliance with Govemmental Requirements. Grantor shall promptly comply with all laws. ordinances, and regulations, now or hereafter ·
in effect, of all governmental authorities applicable to the use or occupancy of the Property, including without limitation, the Americans
With Disabilities Act. Grantor may contest in good with any such law, ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during any
proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Grantor has notified Lender in writing prior to doing so and so long as, in Lender‘s
sole opinion. l.onder's interests in the Property are not ieopardized. Lender may require Gramer to poat adequate security or a surety bond.
reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender'a interest.
Duty to Protect. Gramer agrees neither to abandon or leave unattended the Property. Grantor shall do all other acts, in addition to those
acts set forth above in this section, which from the character and use of the Property are reasonably necessary to protect and preserve the
Property.
DUE ON SALE - CONSENT BY LENDER. Lender may. at Lender‘s option, declare lmmediately due and payable all sums secured by this Deed ot
Trust upon the sale or transfer, without Lender‘s prior written consent, or all or any part of the Real Property, or any interest in the Real
Property. A "sale or transfer" means the conveyance of Real Property or any right, title or interest rn the Real Property; whether legal, beneficial
or equitable; whether voluntary or involuntary; whether by outright sale, deed, installment sale contract, land contract, contract tor deed,
leasehold interest with a term greater than three (3) years. leasa—option contract, or by sale, assignment, or traneter of any beneficial interest in
or to = ny land trust holding title to the Real Property, or by any other method of conveyance ot an interest in the Rea! Property. However, this
option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited by tederal law or by Oregon law.
TAXES AND LIENS. The tollowlng provisions relating to the taxes and liens on the Property are part of this Deed of Trust:
Payment. Grantor shall pay when due (and in all events prior to delinquency) all taxes, special taxes, assessments. charges (including
water and sewer), fines and impositions levied against or on account ot the Property, and shall pay when due all claims tor work done on or
tor services rendered or material fumished to the Property. Gramer shall maintain the Property free of all liens having priority over or equal
to the interest of Lender under this Deed of Trust, except for the lien of taxes and assessments not due and except as otherwise provided
in this Deed of Trust.
Right to Contest. Grantor may withhold payment ot any tax, assessment, or claim in connection with a good faith dispute over the »
obligation to pay, so long as l.ender‘s interest in the Property is not jeopardized. lf a lien anses or is filed as a result or nonpayment,
Gramer shall within fifteen (15) days after the lien arises or, if a lien is liled, within fifteen (15) days after Grantor has notice of the filing,
secure the discharge of the lien, or It requested by Lender, deposit with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security i
satisfactory to Lender in an amount sufficient to discharge the lien plus any costs and attomeys' fees, or other charges that could accrue l
as a result of a foreclosure or sale under the lien. In any contest, Grantor shall deiend itself and Lender and shall satisty any adverse
gudgment betore enforcement against the Property. Grantor shall name Lender as an additional obligee under any surety bond furnished in
the contest proceedings. ·
Evidence of Payment. Grantor shall upon demand fumish to Lender satisfactory evidence or payment ot the taxes or assessments and shall
authorize the appropriate govemmental official to deliver to Lender at any time a wrrtten statement or the taxes and assessments against
the Property.
Notice of Construction. Grantor shall notify Lender at least fifteen (15) days before any work is commenced, any services are lurnished, or
any materials are supplied to the Property, if any mechanic‘s lien, materialmen‘s lien, or other lien could be asserted on account ct the
work, services, or materials. Grantor will upon request of Lender turmsh to Lender advance assurances satisfactory to Lender that Grantor
can and will pay the cost or such improvements.
PROPERTY DAMAGE INSURANCE. The following provissons relating to rnsunng the Property are a part ot this Deed of Tmst.
Maintenance of lnetnnce. Grantor shall procure and maintain policies of fire insurance with standard extended coverage endorsements on
a replacement basis for the full insurable value covering all Improvements on the Real Property ln an amount sufficient to avoid application
of any coinsurance clause. and with a standard mortgagee clause ln tevor of Lender. Grantor shall also procure and maintain
comprehensive general llability insurance in such coverage amounts as Lender may request with Trustee and Lender being named as ,
additional insurede in such liability insurance policies. Additionally. Grantor shall maintain such other insurance, including but not limited to P
hazard, business interruption, and boiler insurance, as Lender may reasonably require. Policies shall be written in form, amounts, coverages
and basis reasonably acceptable to Lender and issued by a company or companies reasonably acceptable to Lender. Grantor. upon request
of Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to time the policies or certificates ol insurance in form satisfactory to Lender. including
stipulations that coverages will not be cancelled or diminished without at least ten {10) days prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance
policy also shall include an endorsement providing that coverage in tavor of Lender will not be impaired in any way by any uct, omission or
detault of Grantor or any other person. Should the Real Property be located in an area designated by the Director ot the Federal Emergency
Management Agency as a special flood hazard area, Grantor agrees to obtain and maintain Federal Flood Insurance, if available, within 45
days alter notice is given by Lender that the Property is located in a special flood hazard area, tor the tull unpaid principal balance of the
loan and any prior liens on the property securing the loan, up to the maximum policy limrts set under the National Flood Insurance Program,
or as otherwise required by Lender, and to maintain such insurance tor the term or the loan.
Application of Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly notify Lender of any loss or damage to the Property. Lender may make proot of loss if
Grantor falls to do so within fifteen {15) days of the casualty. Whether or not Lender's security is impaired, Lender may, at Lender‘s
election, receive and retain the proceeds ot any insurance and apply the proceeds to the reduction of the Indebtedness, payment or any lien  
affecting the Property, or the restoratxon and repair of the Property. lf Lender elects to apply the proceeds to restoration and repair, Grantor ‘
shall repair or replace the damaged or destroyed Improvements in a manner satrsfactory to Lender. Lender shall, upon satrstactory proor ot
such expenditure, pay or reimburse Grantor trom the proceeds ror the reasonable cost ot repair or restoration if Grantor is not in default
under this Deed of Trust. Any proceeds which have not been disbursed within 180 days atter their receipt and which Lander has not
committed to the repair or restoration ofthe Property shall be used first to pay any amount owing to Lender under this Deed of Trust, then
to pay accrued interest, and the remainder, If any, shall be applied to the principal balance ot the Indebtedness. lf Lender holds any
proceeds atter payment an tull ot the Indebtedness, such proceeds shall be paid to Grantor as Grantor's interests may appear.
Grantor's Report on Insurance. Upon request ol Lender, however not more than once a year, Grantor shall turnish to Lender a report on
each existing policy of insurance showing: (1) the name of the insurer; l2) the risks insured; (3) the amount or the policvi (4) the
property insured, the thencurrent replacement value of such property, and the manner ot determining that value; and (5) the expiration
date of the policy. Grantor shall, upon request of Lender, have an independent appraiser satistactory to Lender determine the cash value i
replacement cost or the Property.
LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. lf any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lender's interest in the Property or if Grantor
tails to comply with any provision ot this Deed of Trust or any Related Documents, including but not limited to Grantor's failure to discharge or
pay when due any amounts Grantor is required to discharge or pay under this Deed of Trust or any Related Documents, Lender on Grantor's V
behalf may (but shall not be obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but not limited to discharging or paying all i
taxes, liene, security interests, encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed on the Property and paying all coats for insuring,
maintaining and preserving the Property. All such expenditures mcurred or paid by Lender for such purposes will then bear interest at the rate
charged under the Note from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Grantor. All such expenses will become a part or
the Indebtedness and, at Lendefs option, will (A) be payable on demand; (B) be added to the balance ot the Note and be apportioned among
and be payable with any lnstallment payments to become due during either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the
remaining term of the Note; or (C) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Note's matunty. The Deed of Trust
also will secure payment of these amounts. Such right shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies to which Lender may be entitled upon A
Defauit.
WARRANTY; DEFENSE OF TITLE. The tollowmg provisions relating to ownership ot the Property are a part ot this Deed of Trust:
Tltle. Grantor warrants that: (a) Grantor holds good and marketable title of record to the Property in tee simple, free and clear of all liens
and encumbrances other than those set forth in the Real Property description or rn any tltle msurance policy, title report, or tina! title opinion
issued In favor of, and accepted by, Lender in connection with this Deed of Trust. and (b) Grantor has the full right, power, and authority >
to execute and deliver mis Deed of Trust to Lender. ·

_______ _____ ____ ____ i_____ ____ ___ ____ ___ _______________ _________________L____________;________%_____;______,___________._-.A_.-.-..-......_,.....,..;.........-.-.-----.-.-....-,4.~-.-. ..,» -~.-- .4.,..  
' » DEED OF TRUST
Loan N0: 95109 (Continued) Page 3
 
Defense cf Tltio. Subioct to the exception in the paragraph above, Grantor warrants and will forever datand the title to the Property against
the lawful claims of ali persons. In the event any action or proceeding is commenced that questions Gr¤m¤r's title or the antsrest of
Trustee or Lender under this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall defend the action at Gr¤ntor's expanse. Grantor may bs the nominal party in
such proceeding, but Lender shall be untitled to pamcipata in thc proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel or
Lsndsr's own choice, and Grantor will deliver. or cause to be delivered, to Lender such instruments as Lender may request from time to
time to permit such participation.
Compliance With Laws. Grantor warrants that the Property and Grant¤r's use of the Property complies with all existing applicable laws,
ordinances. and regulations of governmental authorities.
Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations, warranties, and agreements made by Grantor an this Deed of Trust shall I
survive the execution and delivery of this Deed of Trust, sh II be continuing m nature, and shall remain in full force and effect until such
time as Grantcfs Indebtedness shall be pald in full. _
CONDEMNATION. The following provisions relating to condemnation proceedings are a part ct this Deed of Trust:
Proceedings. If any proceeding in condemnation is filed, Grantor shall promptly notify Lender rn writing, and Grantor shall promptly take
such steps as may be necessary to defend the action and obtain the award. Grantor may be the nominal party lh such proceeding, but
Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to bs represented in the proceeding by counsel of its own choice, and Grantor
will deliver or cause tc bs delivered to Lender such instruments and documentation as may be requested by Lender from time to time to
permit such participation.
Application of Net Proceeds. If all or any part of the Property is condemned by eminem domain proceedings or by any proceeding or
purchase in lieu 01 condemnation, Lender may at its election require that all or any portion of the net proceeds ot the award be applied to
the Indebtedness or the rapaar or restoration of thu Property. The net proceeds of the award shall mean the award after payment of all
reasonable costs, expenses, and att¤rneys' fees incurred by Tmstas or Lender in connection with the condemnation.
IMPOSITION OF TAXES, FEES AND CHARGES BY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. The tollcwmg provisions relating to govsmmental taxes,
fees and charges are u part of this Dead of Trust:
Current Taxes, Fuss and Charges. Upon request by Lander, Grantor shall execute such documents an addition to this Deed of Trust and
take whatever other action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue L¤ndcr‘s lien on the Real Property. Grantor shall reimburse
Lender tor all taxes, as described below. together with all expenses incurred in recording, perfecting or continuing this Deed of Trust,
including without limitation all taxes, fees, documentary stamps. and other charges for recording or registering this Deed of Trust.
Taxes. The following shall constitute taxes to which this section applies: (1) a specific tax upon this type of Dead of Trust or upon all or
any part of the indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust; (2) a specific tax on Grantor which Grantor is authorized or required to  
deduct from payments on the Indebtedness secured by this type of Deed of Trust: (3) a tax on mis type of Deed of Trust chargeable *
s sinst tho Lender or the holder of the Note; and (4) a specific tax on all or any portion ct the Indebtedness nr on payments of principal [
and intarut made by Grantor. , ?
` Subsequent Taxes. If any tax to which this section applies is enacted subsequent tc the dats of this Deed of Trust, this event shall have
the same effect as an Event of Default, and Lender may exercise any or all of its available remedies for an Event cf Default as provided
below unless Grantor either (1) pays the tax before rr becomes delinquent, or (2) contests the tax as provided above in tho Taxes and
Liens section and deposits with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety band or other security satisfactory to Lender.
SECURITY AGREEMENT; FINANCING STATEMENTS. The following provisions relating to this Deed cf Trust as a security agreement are a part
of this Dead of Trust:
Security Agreement. This instrument shall constitute a Secunty Agreement to thq extent any of the Property constitutes fixtures, and
Lender shall have all of the nghts of a secured party under the Uniform Ccmmarcnal Code as amended from time to time.
Security Interest. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall take whatever action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lsnder's
security interest in the Rents and Personal Property. In addition to recording this Deed of Trust in the real property records, Lender may, at
any time and without further authorization from Grantor, me executed counterparts, copies or reproductions ct this Deed of Trust as a
financing statement. Grantor shall reimburse Lender fur.  II expenses incurred in perfecting or continuing this security interest. Upon
default, Grantor shall not remove, saver or detach the Personal Property from the Property. Upon default, Grantor shall assemble any
Personal Property not affixed to the Property in a manner and at a place reasonably convenient to Grantor and Lender and make it available
to Lender within three (3) days after receipt ot written demand from Lender to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Addreuea. The mailing addresses of Grantor (debtor) and Lander {secured party) from which information concerning the security interest
·grant¤d by this Deed of Trust may be obtained (each as required by the Uniform Commercial Code) are as stated on the first page of this
Deed of Trust.
FURTHER ASSURANCES; ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. The following provisions relating to further assurances and attorney-in-fact are a part ot this
Dead of Trust:
Further Assurances. At any time, and from time to time, upon request of Lander, Grantor will make, execute and deliver, or will cause to
be made, executed or delivered, to Lender or to Lendsr‘s designee, and when requested by Lender, cause to be filed, recorded, refilsd, or
rarscurdcd, as the case may ba, at such times and in such offices and places as Lender may deem appropriate, any and ai! such mortgages, `
deeds of trust, security deeds, security agrsamonts, financing statements, continuation statements. instruments of iurthcr assurance,
certificates, and other documents as may. in the solo opinion cf Lander, be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate, complete, perfect,
continue. or preserve (1) Gr¤m¤r's obligations under the Note, this Dead of Trust, and the Related Documents, and (2) the liens and
secumy interests created by this Deed of Trust as first and prior liens on the Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by
Grantor. Unless prohibited by law or Lander agrees to the contrary m writing, Grantor shall reimburse Lander tor all costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the matters referred to in this paragraph.
Attomay-in-Fact. If Grantor fails to do any of the things referred to in the preceding paragraph, Lender may do so tor and in the name of
Grantor and at Gr¤ntor‘s expense. For such purposes, Grantor hereby vrravocably  ppmnts Lender as Grantor‘s ¤ttornoy·in·tact tor the
purpose of making, executing, delivering. filing, recording, and doing all other things as may ba necessary or desirable, in Lsndsr‘s sole
opinion, to accomplish the matters referred to in the preceding paragraph.
FULL PERFORMANCE. if Grantor pays all the Indebtedness when due, and otherwise performs all the obligations imposed upon Grantor under
this Deed of Trust, Lender shall execute and deliver to Trustee a request for full rsconvayancs and shall execute and deliver to Grantor suitable
statements of termination of any financing statement on file evidencing Lendefs secumy interest in the Rents and the Personal Property. Any
reconvoyance fac required bylaw shall he paid by Grantor, if permitted by applicable law.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Each of the following, at Lendsr's option, shall constitute an Event of Default under this Deed of Trust:
Payment Default. Grantor réils to make any payment when due under the indebtedness.
Other Defaults. Grantor tails to comply with ur to perform any other term, obligation, covenant cr condition contained in this Deed of Trust 5
¤r In any of the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other
agreement between Lander and Grantor. '
Compliance Default. Failure to comply with any other term, obligation. covenant or condition contained in this Dead of Trust, me Note or in
any ct the Related Documents.
Default on Other Payments. Failure of Grantor within the time required _by this Deed of Trust to make any payment tor taxes or insurance,
or any other payment necessary to prevent filing of cr to affect discharge or any lien. »
Default in Favor of Third Parties. Should Grantor default under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales
agreement, or any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or person that may materially affect any of Gramofs property or i
i Grant0r‘s ability to repay the Indebtedness or perform their respective obligations under this Daod of Trust or any or the Related L
Documents. i
False Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Grantor cr ch Grantor'.1: behalf under this l
Deed of Trust or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or fumished or
becomes false cr misleading at any time thereafter.
Defective Cullatoralizaticn. This Deed of Trust or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure or

' ` I DEED OF TRUST
Loan N0: 95109 (Continued) Page 4
 
any collateral document to create a valid and perfected security mterest or lien) at any time and for any reason.
  Death or Insolvency. The death of Grantor, the msolvency of Grantor, the appormment of a recerver for any part of Grantor‘s property, any
assognmeht for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement ot any proceeding under any bankruptcy or
insolvency laws by or against Grantor.
Creditor or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help,
repossession or any other method, by any creditor of Grantor or py any governmental agency against any property securing the
Indebtedness. This includes a gornnshment or any of Grantor‘s accounts, mcluding deposit accounts, with Lender. However, this Event 01
Default shall not apply if there as a good faith dispute by Grantor as to the validity or reasonableness 01* the claxm which is the basis ot the
creditor or forfeiture proceeding and if Grantor grvas Lender written notice ot the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender
monies or a surety bond tor the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, nn an amount determined by Lender, m its sole discretion. as bemg an
adequate reserve or bond for the dispute.
Breach of Other Agreement. Any breach by Grantor under the terms ot any other agreement between Grantor and Lender that as not
remedied within any grace penod provided therein, including without limitation any agreement concermng any nndebtedness or other %
obligation of Grantor to Lender, whether existing now or later.  
Events Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any Guarantor of any or the Indebtedness or any
Guarantor dies or becomes mcompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability under, any Guaranty or the Indebtedness. In the
event ot a death, Lender, at its option, may, but shall not be required to. permit the Guarant¤r's estate to assume unconditionally the
obligations arising under the guaranty nn a manner satisfactory to Lender, and, m doing so, cure any Event of Default.
Adverse Change. A maternal adverse change occurs an Grantor‘s financial condition, or Lender believes the prospect of payment or
performance of the Indebtedness is impaired.
Insecurlty. Lender an good faith believes itself Insecure.
Right to Cure. lf any default, other than a default in payment is curable and if Grantor has not been given a notice ot a breach of the same
provusion of this Deed of Trust within the preceding twelve (12) months. it may be cured if Grantor, after receiving wntten notice rrom
Lender demanding cure of such detault: {1) cures the default within fifteen (I5) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than fifteen (15)
days, immediately initiates steps which Lender deems nn Lender'; sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter
continues and completes all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably pracucel.
RIGHTS AND HEMEDIES ON DEFAULT. If an Event of Default occurs under this Deed of Trust, at any time thereafter, Trustee or Lender may
exercise any one or more ofthe following nghts and remedies:
Election of Remedies. Elecuon by Lender to pursue any remedy shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an electron to make  
expenditures or to take action to perform an obligation of Grantor under this Deed of Trust, enter Grantor‘s failure to perform, shall not
affect Lender's right to declare a default and exercsse its remedies. _ _
Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender shall have the rrght at its option without notice to Grantor to declare the entire Indebtedness nmmediately ?
due and payable, including any prepayment penalty which Grantor would be required to pay.
Foreclosure. \Mth respect to ell or any pad ot the Reel Property, the Trustee shall have the rnght to foreclose by notice and sale. and
Lender shall have the right to toreclcse by judicial foreclosure, nn either case in accordance with and to the rull extent provided by
applicable law. If this Deed of Trust is toraclosed by iudicinl foreclosure, Lender will be entitled to a rudgmcnt which wlll provide that if the
foreclosure sale proceeds are insufficient to satisty the Iudgment, execution may issue for the amount oi the unpaid balance or the
iudgment.
UCC Remedies. Vwth respect to all or any part of the Personal Property, Lender shall have all the nghu and remedies or a secured pany
under the Unifomn Commercial Code.
Collect Renta. Lender shall have the right, without notice to Grantor to take possession of and manage the Property and collect the Rents,
including amounts past due and unpaid, and apply the net proceeds, over and above Ler•der‘s costs, against the Indebtedness. In
furtherance of this nght, Lender may requue any tenant or other user of the Property to make payments ot rent or use fees directly to
Lender. lf the Rents are collected by Lender, then Grantor nrrevocably designates Lender as Grantor‘s attomey-an-tact to endorse
instruments received in payment thereof in the name of Grantor and to negotiate the same and collect the proceeds. Payments by tenants
or other users to Lender in response to Lender': demand shall satisfy the obligations tor which the payments are made, whether or not any
proper grounds tor the demand existed. Lender may exercise its rnghts under this subparagraph either in person, by agent, or through a
receiver.
Appomt Receiver. Lender shall have the rnght to have a receiver appointed to take possession oi all or any part or the Property, with the
power to protect and preserve the Property, to operate the Property preceding foreclosure or sale, and to collect the Rents rrom the
Property and apply the proceeds, over and above the cost of the rececvership, agamst the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without
bond if permitted by law. Lender‘s nght to the appointment or a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the Property
exceeds the Indebtedness by a substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify e person from sewing as a receiver.
Tenancy at Sufferance. lf Grantor remains in possessxon ofthe Property atter the Property is sold as provided above or Lender otherwise
becomes entitled to possession or the Property upon default or Grantor, Grantor shall become a tenant at sufferance or Lender or the
purchaser of the Property and shall, at Lender‘s option, either (1) pay as reasonable rental for the use of the Property, or (2) vacate the
Property immediately upon the demand of Lender.
Other Remedies. Trustee or Lender shall have any other nght or remedy provided in this Deed of Trust or the Note or available at law or in
equny.
Notice of Sale. Lender shall give Grantor reasonable notice ofthe ume and place of any public sale ct the Personal Property or or the time
after which any private sale or other intended disposition oi the Personal Property is to be made. Reasonable notice shall mean notice
given at least fifteen (15) days before the ume or the sale or disposition. Any sale of the Personal Property may be made an comunctuon
with any sale ofthe Real Property.
Sale of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Grantor hereby waives any and all rights to have the Property marshalled.
_ In exercising its rnghts and remedies, the Trustee or Lender shall be free to sell all or any part or the Property together or separately. in one
sale or by separate sales. Lender shall be entitled to bid at any public sale on all or any portion or the Property. ·
Att0rneys' Fees; Exp•nses. If Lender institutes any suit or action to cntorce any of the terms of this Deed of Trust, Lender shall be entitled
to recover such sum as the court may adjudge reasonable as attorneys? tees at trial and upon any appeal. Whether or not any court action r
is involved, and to the extent not prohibited by law, all reasonable expenses Lender incurs that an Lendsfs opinion are necessary at any
time tor the protection of its interest cr the enforcement of its nghts shall become a part of the Indebtedness payable on demand and shalt
bear interest at the Note me from the date or the expenditure until repaid. Expenses covered by this paragraph include, without limitation,
however sublect to any limits under applicable law, Lender's att¤meys' fees and Lsnder's legal expenses, whether or not there is a lawsuit,
including att¤meys' fees and expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or umunction),
appeals, and any anticnpated post-iudgment collection services, the cost of searching records, obtaining title reports (including foreclosure i
reports), surveyors' reports, and appraisal fees, title insurance, and fees for the Trustee, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Grantor
also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums provided by law.
Rights of Trustee. Trustee shall have all ot the nghts and duties of Lender as set forth nn this section.
POWERS AND OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE. The following provisions relating to the powers and obligations of Trustee are pan or this Deed or
Trust:
Powers of Trustee. In addition to all powers of Trustee arising as a matter of law, Trustee shall have the power to take the following r
actions with respect to the Property upon the written request of Lender and Grantor: tn) ionn an prepanng and filing a map or plat of the E
Real Property, including the dedication of streets or other rights to the public; tb) ioin in granting any easement or creating any restnction
on the Real Property; and (c) ioin in any subordination or other agreement affecting this Deed of Trust or the interest of Lender under this
Deed of Tmst. . .
Obligations to Notify. Trustee shall not be obligated to notify any other party of e pending sale under any other trust deed or lion, or of any
action or proceeding in which Grantor, Lender, or Trustee shall be a party, unless the action or proceeding as brought by Trustee. E

____ ___ ___ _______ _m_____ ,_,____;__,.......;;_.._.....;..._-..;............-...-....-s-..-.-.......e.-...-.--.-...~..w-c.-...-.-..,..---- .A..4. - _.`..  
'   DEED OF TRUST I
Loan No: 95109 (Continued) . Page 5
 
Trustee. Trustee shall meet all qualifications required for Trustee under applicable law. In addition to the rights and remedies set forth
above, with respect to all or any part or the Property, the Trustee shall have the right to toreclose by notice and sale, and Lender shall have
the right to foreolose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to the full extent provided by applicable law.
Successor Trustee. Lender, at Lender's option, may from time to time appoint a successor Trustee to any Trustee appointed under this
Deed of Trust by an instrument executed and acknowledged by Lender and recorded in the office of the recorder of Deschutes County,
State of Oregon. The instrument shall contain, in addition to all other matters required by state law, the names of the onginal Lender,
Trustee, and Grantor, the book and page where this Deed of Trust is recorded, and the name and address of the successor trustee, and the
instrument shall be executed and acknowledged by Lender or its successors in interest. The successor trustee, without conveyance of the
Property, shall succeed to all the title. power, and duties comerred upon the Trustee in this Deed of Trust and by applicable law. This
procedure for substitution of Trustee shall govern to the exclusion of all other provisions for substitution.
NOTICES. Any notice required to be given under this Deed of Trust, including without limitation any notice of detault and any notice ot sale
shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually received by telefacsimile (unless othenivise required by
law), when deposited with e nationally recognized overnight couner, or, if mailed, when deposited in the United States mail, as first class.
certified or registered mail postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this Deed of Trust. All copies or notices ot
toreclosure from the holder ot any lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust shall be sent to l.ender‘s address, as shown near the beginning
of this Deed of Trust. Any party may change its address tor notices under this Deed of Trust by giving formal written notice to the other
parties, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the party‘s address. For notice purposes, Grantor agrees to keep Lender informed
at ell times of Grantor's current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, lf there is more than one Grantor, any notice given by
Lender to any Grantor is deemed to be notice given to all Grantors. _
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part ot this Deed of Trust:
Amendments. This Deed of Trust, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties
as to the matters set forth in this Deed of Trust. No alteration of or amendment to this Deed of Trust shall be effective unless given in
writing and signed by the party or parties sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment.
Annual Reports. If the Property is used for purposes other than Grantor‘s residence, Gramer shall furnish to Lender, upon request, a
certified statement ot net operating income received trom the Property during Grantor's previous fiscal year in such form and detail as
Lender shall require. "Net operating income" shall mean all cash receipts from the Property less all cash expenditures made in connection
with the operation ofthe Property.
Arbitration. Grantor and Lender agree that all disputes, clams and controversies between them whether individual. ioint, or class in nature,
arising from this Deed of Trust or otherwise, including without Ilmltation contract and tort disputes, shall be arbitrated pursuant to the Rules
of the American Arbitration Association in effect at the time the claim is filed, upon request of either party. No act to take or dispose of
any Property shall constitute a waiver ot this arbitration agreement or be prohbited by this arbitration agreement. This includes, without
limitation, obtaining iniunctive relief or a temporary restraining order; foreclosing by notice and sale under any deed of trust or mortgage;
obtaining a wrlt of attachment or imposition of a receiver; or exercising any rights relating to personal property, includitg taking or [
disposing of such property with or without iudlclal process pursuant to Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code. Any disputes, claims, or I
controversies concerning the Iawfulneee or reasonableness ot any act, or exercise of any right, concerning any Property, including any clain
to rescind, reform. or otherwise modify any agreement relating to the Property, shall also be arbitratad, provided however that no arbitrator
shall have the right or the power to enioin or restrain any act ot any party. Judgment upon any award rendered by any arbitrator may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction. Nothing in this Deed of Trust shall preclude  ny party from seeking equitable relief from a court of
competent jurisdiction. The statute of limitations, estoppel. waiver. lachea. and similar doctrines which would otherwise be applicable in an
sctlon brought by a party shall be applicable in any arbitration proceeding. and the commencement of an arbitration proceeding shall be
deemed the commencement of an action for these purposes. The Federal Arbitration Act shall apply to the construction, interpretation. and
enforcement of this arbitration provision.
Caption Head'mgs. Caption headings in this Deed of Trust are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define
the provisions of this Deed of Trust.
Merger. There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Deed of Trust with any other interest or estate rn the Property at
any time held by or for the benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent of Lender.
Governing Law. This Deed of Trust will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extant not preernpted by federal law,  
the laws or the State of Oregon without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. This Deed of Trust has been accepted by Lender in the I
State of Oregon. .
Choice of Venue. If there is a lawsuit, Grantor agrees upon Lender's request to submit to the iunsdiction of the courts of Deschutes
County, State of Oregon.
Joint and Several Liability. All obligations of Grantor under this Deed of Trust shall be ioint and several, and all references to Grantor shall
mean each end every Grantor. This means that each Grantor signing below is responsible for all obligations in this Deed of Trust.
No Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Deed of Trust unless such waiver ls given in writing
and signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a w iver or such right or any
other nght. A waiver by Lender of a provision of this Deed of Trust shell not preiudice or constitute a waiver of Lender's right otherwise to
demand strict compliance with that provision or any other provision of this Deed of Trust. No prior waiver by Lander, nor any course ot
dealing between Lender and Grantor, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender‘s rights or of any of Grantor's obligations as to any future
transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this Deed of Trust, the granting ot such consent by Lender in any instance
shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be
granted or withheld in the sole discretion of Lender.
Severability. lf a court of competent iurisdictlon finds any provision of this Deed of Trust to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any
person or circumstance, that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any other person or
circumstance. If feasible, the offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal, valid and enforceable. lf the
offending provision cannot be so modified, it shall be considered deleted from this Deed of Trust. Unless otherwise required by law, the
illegelity, invalidity, or unenforceability of any provision of this Deed of Trust shell not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any
other provision ot this Deed of Trust.
Successors and Assigns. Subiect to any limitations stated in this Deed of Trust on transfer of Grantor's interest, this Deed of Trust shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit ot the parties, their successors and assigns. lf ownership ot the Property becomes vested in a person
other than Grantor, Lender, without notice to Grantor, may deal with Grentofs successors with reference to this Deed of Trust and the
Indebtedness by way of forbearance or extension without releasing Grantor from the obligations of this Deed of Trust or liability under the
Indebtedness.
Time is of the Essence. lime is of the essence in the performance of this Deed of Tmst.
Waive Jury. All parties to this Deed of Trust hereby waive the right to any iury trial ln any action. proceeding, or counterclaim brought by
any party against any other party.
Waiver of Homestead Exemption. Grantor hereby releases and waives all rights end benefits ot the homestead exemption laws or the State
of Oregon as to all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust. . _
Commercial Deed of Trust. Grantor agrees with Lender that this Deed of Trust is a commercial deed of trust and that Grantor will not
change the use of the Property without Lender's prior written consent.
DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized words and terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Deed of Trust. Unless
specifically stated to the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts m lawful money of the United States or America. Words
and terms used In the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context may require. Words and terms not
otherwise defined in this Deed of Trust shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code: ,
Beneficrary. The word 'Beneficiary" means Columbia River Bank, and its successors and assigns. V
Borrower. The word "Borrowar" means Stephen Schlarn, Carol Schlam. Gary Webb and Patricia Webb and includes all co-signers and
co-makers signing the Note and all their successors and assigns.  
Deed of Trust. The words "Deed of Trust" mean this Deed of Trust among Gramer, Lender, and Trustee, and includes without limitation all

_______________,__;_____{_____n________,____,_,______,___,__..-,______......,........}......,.......Q........_......:..........,L...............-.............................~...-....£....-............·.....-.-.-...........-...-...............l.
' = DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 95109 (Continued) Page 6
 
assignment and security interest provisions relating to the Personal Property and Rents.
Default. The word "DefauIt' means the Default set forth in this Deed of Trust in the section titled ’Default".
Environmental Laws. The words 'Environmental Laws" mean any and all state, federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances
relating to the protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. ("CERCLA"I, the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99499 ('SARA"), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq.,
the Flesource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws, rules. or
regulations adopted pursuant thereto or intended to protect human health or the environment.
Event of Default. The words 'Event of Default" mean any of the events of default set forth in this Deed of Trust in the events or default
section ot this Deed of Trust.
Grantor. The word "Grantor' means Stephen Schlam, Carol Schlem, Gary Webb and Patricia Webb.
Guarantor. The word 'Guarantor" means any guarantor, surety. or accommodation party oi any or all or the Indebtedness. I
Guaranty. The word "Guaranty' means the guaranty from Guarantor to Lender, mcluding without limitation e guaranty of all or part of the
Note.
Hazardous Substances. The words ”Hazardous Substances" mean materials that, because of their quantity, concentration or physical,
chemical or infectious characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when
improperly used, treated. stored, disposed of, generated, manufactured, transported or otherwise handled. The words 'Hazardous
Substances" are used in their very broadest sense and include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances. materials or
waste as defined by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term "Hazardous Substanoes" also includes, without limrtetion.
petroleum, including crude oil and any fraction thereof and asbestos.
Improvements. The word "Improvements” means all existing and future improvements, buildings, structures, mobile homes affixed on the
Reel Property, facilities, additions, replacements and other construction on the Real Property.
Indebtedness. The word "lndebtedness' means The word 'lndebtedness" means the indebtedness evidenced by the Note, or Related
Documents, including all principal and interest together with all other indebtedness and costs and expenses for which Borrower is
responsible under this Agreement or under any of the Related Documents. Specifically, without limit tion, Indebtedness includes the future
advances set forth in the Future Advances provision, together with all interest thereon and all amounts that may beindirectly secured by
the Cross-Colleteralization provision ofthe Agreement.,
Lender. The word 'Lender“ means Columbia River Bank, its successors and assigns.
Note. The word "Note" means the promissory note dated June 3, 2008, in the original principal amount of $256,400.00 from X
Grantor to Lender, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for I
the promissory note or agreement. The maturity date of the Note is April 2, 2009. }
Personal Property. The words "Personal Property" mean ell equipment. fixtures, and other articles ot personal property now or hereafter
owned by Grantor, and now or hereafter attached or affixed to the Reel Property; together with all accessions, parts, and additions to, all
replacements ot. and all substitutions for, any ot such property; and together with all proceeds lincluding without limitation all insurance
proceeds and refunds of premiums) from any sale or other disposition of the Property.
Property. The word "Property" means collectively the Reel Property and the Personal Property.
Real Property. The words "Reel Property" mean the real property, interests and rights, as further described in this Deed of Trust.
Related Documents. The words 'Related D0cuments' mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental
agreements, guaranties, secunty agreements, mortgagee, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments,
agreements and documents, whether now or HBTBBTIGY existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness.
Rents. The word “Rents" means all present and future rents, revenues, income, issues, royalties, profits, and other benefits derived from
the Property.
Trustee. The word ”Trustee" means Amerititle, whose address is 15 Oregon Ave, Bend, OFI 97709 and any substitute or successor
trustees.
EACH GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING REA ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS DEED OF TRUST , AND EACH GRANTOR AGREES TO ITS I
TERMS. . I
emutoni /
  / I 7 gg!
X   / ‘ / up X (,%%/61// Q @44
Ste   n  ·,,*`- A r Schlam
I · / I _g
x I Y ., ’..J X
Gary  -1 ’ ‘ Patr ' eb
LENDER:
COLUMBIA RIVER BANK
X
Authorized Officer

______________________;___________,________,_____________________________________________,________l_______,___;,,,_,_,___,_,;.._,.._._$_.-_---........`..s...-.._,............,i,........,--.-.......,.,.-...- ....* .,... ..., ....-,.-.,--..%.
' ‘· DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 95109 (COI1tmued) Page 7
-
 
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT
Z ~   _ ·   i` V    I '9»   we   lv ll?i .. D  I  I  
STATE OF ‘ {I ' 0 In /7 ”" ) )   (;r;mmissi·;>l‘l # 15724¤1‘?  
S A _ ISS     Noiory Public - Cclifomlc {Q ,
i A . Q Z   son Diego Counly  
COUNTY OF   ’ {  FJ Mycomm. Expires Moy 21. 2009*y‘
·»·t_!, r· ,;,:_»· - qu.,   to- s. ‘ , *'“··I· '   `*
On this deybetore me, the undersigned Notary Public. personally appeared   Gary Webb: and Patricia Webb, to
me known to be the individuals described in and who executed the Deed of rust, and acknowledged that they signed the Deed of Trust as their
free and voluntary act an ed, tor the uses and purposes therein mentioned.'_
Given under my han official seal this 5   ‘\, day of   20 
By I ` Besiding at -K (I /j` _? L
Nota IcinandfortheStateof ( { li éo/jrex Myoommisslonexpires 5 ~— Zi. Q 7
 
LENDER ACKNOWLEDGMENT
STATE OF I ‘
ISS
COUNTY OF I
On this day ot , 20 , before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally
appeared and known to me to be the , authorized  gent for y
Columbla River Bank that executed the within and foregoing instrument and acknowledged said instrument to be the free and voluntary act and A
deed of Columbia River Bank, duly authorized by Columbia River Bank through its board of directors or otherwise, tor the uses and purposes {
therein mentioned, and on oath stated that he or she is authorized to execute this said instmmerrt and in tact executed this said instrument on a
behalf of Columbia River Bank. , l
By Residing at
Notary Public in and for the State or My commission expires
 
REQUEST FOR FULL RECONVEYANCE
(To be used only when obligations have been paid in tull)  
To: , Trustee i
The undersigned is the legal owner and holder of all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust. All sums secured by this Deed of Trust have
been lully paid and satisfied. You are hereby mrected, upon payment to you·ot any sums owing to you under the terms of this Deed of Trust or i
pursuant to any applicable statute, to cancel the Note secured by this Deed of Trust (which is delivered to you together with this Deed ol Tmst), ~
and to reoonvey, without warranty, to the parties designated by the temns of this Deed of Trust, the estate now held by you under this Deed ot
Trust. Please mail the reconveyance and Related Documents to:
 
Date: Beneficiary:
By:
Its:
  I
l
l
l

State of Oregon
County of Deschutes
This instrument was acknowledged before me on June 6, 2008 by Stephen M. Schlam
and Carol A. Schlam.
  cYS¥§'°""z§EttE¤   C 4 ' I  
:5* *1 IAA .
    ,é%1rm:g g%Br&,§6OREGON Notary Public for Oregon)
M .ss9177
MY °9“”F”'*“'°“‘ EW ¤ES—NOV` H'2009 My commission expires [ /’// /6%
 
  i

