  ‘ ‘ EIGIS 3i§§§§$°"}SS- -7 Page
I, Dana W, Jenkins, '$ountytCIerk,:n and for gajgdccziéptyéggrgerggé
' ' ` ` WHS TGC I ,
WTE ACCO 2008].].6 ?§c;i;ii·iiIeg‘% ti1he8BgiikI3f gescinligsegf said county at Newport, Oregon.
g} WITNESS my hand and seal of sand office affixed.
AFTER RECORDING RETURN T0= DAN] A w. JEN$E&, mm County Clerk °°° ’ , 
  ···*  
;: —- L! [
Darin Christensen Doc : 2IU€68Q4322  
Bullivant Houser Bailey PC Rect 7 BMZBME 56 · wm (y
888 SW Finh AVC Ste 300 W4/@7/2008 U)3Z25ZV}5Dm `°”•rs°,°a¢<P"
Portland, OR 97204
DEED OF TRUST
THIS DEED OF TRUST, made this eifective the 29th day of February, 2008, by
and among Ted Driesel GRANTOR, whose address is
$2225 Hug Z.( 5, lljiaéxjg ig Q Z§I;
Chicago Title Insurance Company, TRUSTEE, whose addrms is 888 SW Fiiih Ave., Suite
830, Portland, OR 97204;
and Robert G. Wienert, GRANTEE, whose address is PO Box 730, Newport, OR 97365.
WITNESSETH: Grantor hereby bargains, sells, conveys and transfers to Trustee in
Trust, with power of sale, the following described real property in Lincoln County, Oregon:
` SEE EXHIBIT A ATTACHED HERETO AND BY TPHS REFERENCE
INCORPORATED HEREIN
which real property is not used principally for agricultural or farming purposes, together
with all the easements, access rights, tenements, hereditaments, and appurtenances now or
hereaiter thereunto belonging or in any way appertaining thereto, and the rents, issues and
profits thereof (collectively, the "Property").
This Deed of Trust is for the purpose of securing performance of each obligation
and agreement of Grantor herein contained, and payment of the principal sum of
($114,595.37), One Hundred Fourteen Thousand, Five Hundred Ninety-Five and 37/100
Dollars in accordance with the terms of a Promissory Note dated effective February 29,
2008 (the "Note"), together with interest thereon as set in the Note therein, payable to
Grantee or order, and made by Grantor, and all renewals, modifications and extensions
thereof and also such further sums as may be advanced or loaned by Grantee to Grantor, or
Page l — DEED OF TRUST
10461919.1

any of their successors or assigns, together with interest thereon at the rate set forth in the
Note. The final payment of principal and interest under the Note is due and payable June
30, 2016. Grantee acknowledges that its rights under this Deed of Trust are subordinate to
any recorded liens as of the date hereof
To protect the security of this Deed of Trust, Grantor covenants and agrees:
l. To keep the Property in good condition and repair; to permit no waste thereof
and to comply with all laws, ordinances, regulations, covenants, conditions and restrictions
affecting the Property. Grantor shall, and Grantor shall cause all tenants, employees,
agents, contractors and subcontractors of Grantor and any other persons present on or
occupying the Property to, keep and nmintain the Property, including the soil and ground
water thereof, in compliance with, and not cause or permit the Property, including the soil
and ground water thereof, to be in violation of any federal, state or local laws, ordinances or
regulations relating to industrial hygiene or to the environmental conditions thereon
(including, but not limited to any "Hazardous Materials Laws" as hereinafter defined).
Neither Grantor nor employees, agents, contractors and subcontractors of Grantor or any
other persons occupying or present (including tenants) on the Property shall use, generate,
manufacture, store or dispose of on, under or about the Property or transport to or from the
Property any flammable explosives, radioactive materhls, hazardous wastes, toxic
substances or related materials, other than those utilized in a safe and proper marmer in the
regular cleaning and maintenance ofthe building, grounds and businesses therein, including,
without limitation, any substances defined as or included in the definition of "hazardous
substances,” "hazardous wastes," "hamrdous material," or "toxic substances" under any
Hazardous Materials Laws (collectively referred to hereinafter as “Hazardous Materials”) in
violation of said Hazardous Materials Laws.
2. To pay before delinquent all lawful taxes and assessments upon the Property, and
to keep the Property free and clear of all other charges, liens or encumbrances; provided
that charges, liens or assessments resulting from actions taken by govemmental authorities,
and not due to any act or failure to act on the part of Grantor, shall be deemed in
compliance with this requirement so long as all such items are fully paid as they become due
and not in default. Grantor may not sell or transfer the Property or any portion thereof,
voluntarily or involuntarily, without Grantee’s written consent. To complete or restore
promptly and in good and habitable condition any building or improvement which may be
constructed, damaged or destroyed thereon and pay when due all costs incurred therefore.
No building or other improvement on the Property shall be permanantly removed or
demolished, without replacement, without the Grantee’s prior written consent, nor shall any
fixture or chattel covered by this Deed of Trust and adapted to the proper use and
enjoyment of the Property be removed at any time without like consent unless actually
repbced by an article of equal suitability, ovxmed by the Grantor, free and clear of any lien or
security interest except such as may be approved in writing by the Grantee.
Page 2 — DEED OF TRUST
10461919.1

3. To keep all buildings, including any manufactured home, now or hereafter
erected or attached onto the Property described herein continuously insured against loss by
fire or other hazards in an amount not less than the reasonably estimated value of such
buildings. The amount collected under any insurance policy may be applied upon any
indebtedness hereby secured in such order as the Grantee shall determine. In the event of
foreclosure, all rights of the Grantor in insurance policies then in force shall pass to the
purchaser at the foreclosure sale.
4. To defend any action or proceeding purporting to affect the security hereof or
the rights or powers of Grantee or Trustee, and to pay all costs and expenses, including cost
of title search and attomey’s fees in a reasonable amount, in any such action or proceeding,
and in any suit brought by Grantee to foreclose this Deed of Trust.
5. To pay all costs, fees and expenses in connection with this Deed of Trust,
including the expenses of the Trustee incurred in enforcing the obligation secured hereby
and Trustee's and attomey’s fees actually incurred, as provided by statute.
6. Should Grantor fail to pay when due any taxes, assessments, insurance
premiums, liens, encumbrances or other charges against the Property hereinabove described,
Grantee may pay the same, and the amount so paid shall be added to and become a part of
the debt secured in this Deed of Trust.
IT IS MUTUALLY AGREED THAT:
l. In the event any portion of the Property is taken or damaged in an eminent
domain proceeding, the entire amount of the award or such portion as my be necessary to
fully satisfy the obligation secured hereby, shall be paid to Grantee to be applied to said
obligation.
2. By accepting payment of any sum secured hereby alter its due date, Grantee does
not waive its right to require prompt payment when due of all other sums so secured or to
declare default for failure to so pay.
3. The Trustee shall reconvey all or any part of the Property covered by this Deed
of Trust to the person entitled thereto on written request of the Grantor and the Grantee, or
upon satisfaction of the obligation secured and written request for reconveyance made by
the Grantee or the person entitled thereto.
4. Upon default by Grantor in the payment of any indebtedness secured hereby or in
the performance of any agreement contained herein, all sums secured hereby shall
immediately become due and payable at the option of the Grantee. In such event and upon
written request of Grantee, Trustee may proceed to foreclose this Deed of Trust as a
mortgage or direct the trustee to foreclose this Deed of Trust by advertisement and sale in
accordance with the Oregon Trust Deed Act, ORS 86.705 et seq. In the latter event,
Page 3 — DEED OF TRUST
10461919.1

Grantee or the Trustee shall execute and cause to be recorded written notice of default and
election to sell the Property to satisfy the obligations secured hereby and proceed to
foreclose this Deed of Trust in accordance with the Oregon Trust Deed Act. In the event of
sale by advertisement and sale, any person except Trustee may bid at Trustee's sale.
Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale as follows: (l) to the expenses of the sale,
including the compensation of Trustee and a reasonable charge by the trustee’s attorney; (2)
to the obligation secured by this Deed of Trust; (3) the surplus, if any, shall be distributed to
the persons entitled thereto in accordance with the Oregon Trust Deed Act.
5. Upon sale by advertisement and sale, Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser at the
sale its deed, without warranty, which shall convey to the purchaser the interest in the
Property which Grantor had or had the power to convey at the time of his execution of this
Deed of Trust, and such as he may have acquired thereaiter, Trustee's deed shall recite the
facts showing that the sale was conducted in compliance with all the requirements of law
and of this Deed of Trust, which recital shall be prima facie evidence of such compliance
and conclusive evidence thereof in favor of bona iide purchaser and encumbrances for
value.
6. The power of sale conferred by this Deed of Trust and by the Oregon Trust Deed
Act is not an exclusive remedy, and Grantee may pursue any other remedy available under
Oregon law. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event of default by Grantor in the
payment of any indebtedness secured hereby or in the performance of any agreement
contained herein, Grantee may at any time, without notice, either in person or by agent or
by a receiver to be appointed by a court, enter upon and possess the Property to preserve
the Property and collect all rents, issues and profits.
7. In the event of the death, incapacity, disability or resignation of Trustee, Grantee
may appoint in writing a successor trustee, and upon the recording of such appointment in
the mortgage records of the county in which this Deed of Trust is recorded, the successor
trustee shall be vested with all powers ofthe original trustee. The trustee is not obligated to
notiiy any party hereto of pending sale under any other Deed of Trust or of any action or
proceeding in which Grantor, Trustee or Grantee shall be a party unless such action or
proceeding is brought by the Trustee.
8. This Deed of Trust applies and inures to the benefit of and is binding not only on
the parties hereto, but on their heirs, devisees, legatees, administrators, executors and
assigns. The term Grantee shall mean the holder and owner of the note secured hereby,
whether or not named as Grantee herein.
9. Grantor agrees to reimburse Grantee for all costs, expenses, and reasonable
attorneys‘ fees that Grantee incurs in connection with the realization or enforcement of any
obligation or remedy contained in the Note, this Deed of Trust or other related documents,
with or without litigation, including without limitation any costs, expenses, and fees
incurred: (a) in any foreclosure, trustee's sale or deed in lieu of foreclosure or trustee's sale;
Page 4 — DEED OF TRUST
10461919.1

(b) on appeal; (c) in any petition for review; (d) in any arbitration or mediation; (e) in any
action contesting or seeking to restrain, enjoin, stay, or postpone the exercise of any remedy
in which Grantee prevails; (i) in any bankruptcy, probate, receivership or other proceeding
involving Grantor; and (g) in connection with all negotiations, documentation, and other
actions relating to any work-out, compromise, settlement or satisfaction of the debt secured
hereby or settlement of any debt secured by this Deed of Trust or which is evidenced by the
Note or related documents. A11 such costs, expenses, and fees shall be due and payable
upon demand and shall be secured by this Deed of Trust.
BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON
TRANSFERRING FEE TITLE SHOULD INQUIRE ABOUT THE PERSON’S RIGHTS,
IF ANY, UNDER ORS 195.300, 195.301 AND 195.305 TO 195.336 AND SECTIONS 5
TO 11, CHAPTER 424, OREGON LAWS 2007. THIS INSTRUMENT DOES NOT
ALLOW USE OF THE PROPERTY DESCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT IN
VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAND USE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. BEFORE
SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON ACQUIRING FEE
TITLE TO THE PROPERTY SHOULD CHECK WITH THE APPROPRIATE CITY OR
COUNTY PLANNING DEPARTMENT TO VERIFY THAT THE UNIT OF LAND
BEING TRANSFERRED IS A LAWFULLY ESTABLISHED LOT OR PARCEL, AS
DEFINED IN ORS 92.010 OR 215.010, TO VERIFY APPROVED USES OF THE LOT
OR PARCEL, TO DETERMINE ANY LIMITS ON LAWSUITS AGAINST FARMING
OR FOREST PRACTICES, AS DEFINED IN ORS 30.930, AND TO INQUIRE ABOUT
THE RIGHTS OF NEIGHBORING PROPERTY OWNERS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS
195.300, 195.301 AND 195.305 TO 195.336 AND SECTIONS 5 TO 11, CHAPTER 424,
OREGON LAWS 2007.
Dated as ofthe first date written above.
T .
Ted Drigel
STATE OF OREGON )
’ ) ss.
COUNTYOF  [lj)!  )
This instrument was acknowledged before me on [ [   L] (   2 ]   , 2008, by
Ted Driesel.
< ..¢?=     maze:  
    I-/`i_1·s’;’|[E1°`ALRICKS Signature o Notaria10fIicer
_ _ _ - _,   .§{_:·-oauc-onE(;¤N . . .
- - i- _,,- ;-§$»i;..3SQm NQ 409009 My Commission Expires: Q `   · | I )
4     €..<2*iF·2E:3 SEPI 29, 2010 I Official Seal
" Deborah L . Helmricks
Notary Public —·Oregon
Corrmission No. 409089
Page 5 — DEED OF "FRUST My Commission Expires Sept 29 , 2010
10461919.1

v
GRANTEEE  
Robert G. Wienert
STATE OF OREGON )
* ) ss.
COUNTY OF` 1 g;](E)Q[§ )
This instrument was acknowledged before me on , 2008, by
Robert G. Wienert. _
ww, OFFICIAL sui. . *
' E V·-: # " BU . .
  N(§0TIGF\ISI;l0N N0. 409089 U Signature ofNotar1al Oiiicer
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES SEPT 29, 201 My Commission Expires: E R _   ’ ‘   >
TRUSTEE:
Chicago Title Insurance Company
. / 
M LZ
  ._ V)
Printed Name: · V Y. .,(
Title: · l' t »" ` '
STATE OF OREGON )
) ss.
couNTY or  J
This instrument was acknowledged before me on if   [ QOOX , 2008, by
[ZMLCO/YIQ A[£[;K[ gg as yl   @QE,S[ QE N]; of Chicago Title Insurance
Company.
,1%, o1=1=1c1A1.s1aA1. {         ‘! 3
5* iiQV;X; DIANE COI-UNS . .
  231::; ;r§4U§60g§($<;t; Signature ofNotar1al Officer { {
mv commussnou txmnss szrisuasn 22, 2011 MY C°mm‘SS‘°“ Explrcsi za 90
10461919.1
Page 6 — DEED OF TRUST
10461919.1

EXHIBIT A
Beginning at a point on the North-South centerline of Section 33,
Township 10 South, Range 10 West, Willamette Meridian, in Lincoln County,
Oregon, at a point 330.0 feet North of the center of said section; thence West
on a line parallel to and 330.0 feet from the East-West centerline of said
section, 1746.2 feet to a point; thence north 45 deg. East to a point on the
North—South centerline of said Section 33; thence South to the point of
beginning.
Page 7 — DEED OF TRUST
10461919.1  

