WTE 5428-5 LC ETAHE  p§§r?ON}ss.   pages
ouny0 lll _ .
I, Dana W. Jenkins. County Clerk, in and l°;g§;gd°%g'I]t¥éggrg?r§:g
~ °°""" "‘°‘ r}r“°o“o£Ir'2'3r é§‘§éL‘$3‘§3¥ o‘§€i?oo?rrrry at Newport, Oregon.
ililiigfildggénmyehand and seal of said office affixed.
· i COUNTy
V > I wi;   Q i 3   5   $°°\·“ 9 °(€~+
ETURN TO DANA W.JEN . ncoln County Clerk . W `V., M _
MANN MORTGAGE LLC  
1220 WHITEFISH STAGE ROAD DOF , 2mgj8gjq_12@  
KALISPELL, MONTANA 59901 RPETZ 8m,,668 q6_g;g;  
umb o *7 -~ ·· ‘* ‘ Q er e¤*
Loan N er 11015 2 @4/@2/Ewing 032:19 Jmpm ·ro,,,°.e
 [Space Above This Line For Recording Da|2] 
1000632 0001101572 2       FHA CASE NOS
MIN- ' ` 431—4375539-703
THIS DEED OF TRUST ("Security Instrument") is made on MARCH 28, 2008 .
The grantor is REBECCA M. SMITH, A·S-  ·B¥- THE- ENTIy'PY
_ —
lr0']BoEFc?weE‘). The trustee is
WESTERN TITLE & ESCROW COMPANY
("Trustee"). The beneficiary is
Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. ("MERS") (solely as nominee for Lender, as hereinafter defined, and
Lender's successors and assigns). MERS is organized and existing under the laws of Delaware, and has an address and
telephone number of P.O. Box 2026, Flint, MI 48501-2026, tel. (888) 679-MERS.
MANN MORTGAGE LLC, A MONTANA LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
("Lender") is organized and existing
under the laws of MONTANA , and
has an address of 1425 BIRCH STREET SUITE A, HELENA, MONTANA 59601
Borrower owes Lender the principal sum of FIFTY—NINE THOUSAND SEVENTY·THREE AND i
00/100 Dollars (U.S. $ 59,073.00 ),
This debt is evidenced by Borrower's note dated the same date as this Security Instrument ("Note"), which provides
for monthly payments, with the full debt, if not paid earlier, due and payable on MAY 1, 2028 .
This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment of the debt evidenced by the Note, with interest, and
all renewals, extensions and modifications ofthe Note; (b) the payment of all other sums, with interest, advanced under
paragraph 7 to protect the security of this Security Instrument; and (c) the performance of Borrower's covenants and
agreements under this Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys
to Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the following described property located in
LINCOLN County, Oregon:
LOT 6, BLOCK 2 , ECHO MOUNTAIN PARK, COUNTY OF
LINCOLN AND STATE OF OREGON.
LOT 6, BLOCK 2 , ECHO MOUNTAIN PARK.
A.P.N. : R333751 & X152384
FHA OREGON DEED OF TRUST - MERS 6/96
Document Systems, Inc (800) 649-1362 Page I of 8

which has the address of 85 NORTH YODEL LANE
[Street]
OTIS Oregon 97368 ("Property Address");
[City] [Zip Code]
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements,
appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and additions shall also be
covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the "Property."
Borrower understands and agrees that MERS holds only legal title to the interests granted by Borrower in this Security
Instrument; but, if necessary to comply with law or custom, MERS (as nominee for Lender and Lender's successors
and assigns) has the right: to exercise any or all of those interests, including, but not limited to, the right to foreclose
and sell the Property; and to take any action required of Lender including, but not limited to, releasing or canceling
this Security Instrument.
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby conveyed and has the right to
grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of record. Borrower
warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands, subject to any encumbrances
of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non-uniform covenants with
limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
l. Payment of Principal, Interest and Late Charge. Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and interest
on, the debt evidenced by the Note and late charges due under the Note.
2. Monthly Payment of Taxes, Insurance, and Other Charges. Borrower shall include in each monthly payment,
together with the principal and interest as set forth in the Note and any late charges, a sum for (a) taxes and special
assessments levied or to be levied against the Property, (b) leasehold payments or ground rents on the Property, and
(c) premiums for insurance required under paragraph 4. In any year in which the Lender must pay a mortgage
insurance premium to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development ("Secretary"), or in any year in which such
premium would have been required if Lender still held the Security Instrument, each monthly payment shall also
include either: (i) a sum for the annual mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the Secretary, or (ii) a
monthly charge instead of a mortgage insurance premium if this Security Instrument is held by the Secretary, in a
reasonable amount to be determined by the Secretary. Except for the monthly charge by the Secretary, these items
are called "Escrow Items" and the sums paid to Lender are called "Escrow Funds."
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold amounts for Escrow Items in an aggregate amount not to exceed the
maximum amount that may be required for Borrower's escrow account under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures
Act of 1974, 12 U.S.C. § 2601 et seq. and implementing regulations, 24 CFR Part 3500, as they may be amended from
time to time ("RESPA"), except that the cushion or reserve permitted by RESPA for unanticipated disbursements or
disbursements before the Borrower's payments are available in the account may not be based on amounts due for the
mortgage insurance premium.
lf the amounts held by Lender for Escrow Items exceed the amounts permitted to be held by RESPA, Lender shall
account to Borrower for the excess funds as required by RESPA. If the amounts of funds held by Lender at any time
are not sufficient to pay the Escrow Items when due, Lender may notify the Borrower and require Borrower to make
up the shortage as permitted by RESPA.
 
Document Systems, Inc. (soo) 649-1362 Page 2 of 8

The Escrow Funds are pledged as additional security for all sums secured by this Security Instrument. If Borrower
tenders to Lender the full payment of all such sums, Borrower's account shall be credited with the balance remaining
for all installment items (a), (b), and (c) and any mortgage insurance premium installment that Lender has not become
obligated to pay to the Secretary, and Lender shall promptly refund any excess funds to Borrower. Immediately prior
to a foreclosure sale ofthe Property or its acquisition by Lender, Borrower‘s account shall be credited with any balance
remaining for all installments for items (a), (b), and (c).
3. Application of Payments. All payments under paragraphs land 2 shall be applied by Lender as follows:
FIRST, to the mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the Secretary or to the monthly charge
by the Secretary instead of the monthly mortgage insurance premium;
SECOND, to any taxes, special assessments, leasehold payments or ground rents, and fire, flood and other
hazard insurance premiums, as required;
THIRD, to interest due under the Note;
FOURTH, to amortization of the principal of the Note; and
FIFTH, to late charges due under the Note.
4. Fire, Flood and Other Hazard Insurance. Borrower shall insure all improvements on the Property, whether
now in existence or subsequently erected, against any hazards, casualties, and contingencies, including fire, for which
Lender requires insurance. This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts and for the periods that Lender
requires. Borrower shall also insure all improvements on the Property, whether now in existence or subsequently
erected, against loss by floods to the extent required by the Secretary. All insurance shall be carried with companies
approved by Lender. The insurance policies and any renewals shall be held by Lender and shall include loss payable
clauses in favor of, and in a form acceptable to, Lender.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give Lender immediate notice by mail. Lender may make proof of loss if not
made promptly by Borrower. Each insurance company concerned is hereby authorized and directed to make payment
for such loss directly to Lender, instead of to Borrower and to Lender jointly. All or any part of the insurance
proceeds may be applied by Lender, at its option, either (a) to the reduction of the indebtedness under the Note and
this Security Instrument, first to any delinquent amounts applied in the order in paragraph 3, and then to prepayment
of principal, or (b) to the restoration or repair of the damaged Property. Any application of the proceeds to the
principal shall not extend or postpone the due date of the monthly payments which are referred to in paragraph 2, or
change the amount of such payments. Any excess insurance proceeds over an amount required to pay all outstanding
indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
In the event of foreclosure of this Security Instrument or other transfer of title to the Property that extinguishes
the indebtedness, all right, title and interest of Borrower in and to insurance policies in force shall pass to the
purchaser.
5. Occupancy, Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Borrower‘s Loan Application;
Leaseholds. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower‘s principal residence within sixty days
after the execution of this Security Instrument (or within sixty days of a later sale or transfer of the Property) and shall
continue to occupy the Property as Borrower‘s principal residence for at least one year after the date of occupancy,
unless the Lender determines that requirement will cause undue hardship for Borrower, or unless extenuating
circumstances exist which are beyond Borrower‘s control. Borrower shall notify Lender of any extenuating
circumstances. Borrower shall not commit waste or destroy, damage or substantially change the Property or allow the
Property to deteriorate, reasonable wear and tear excepted. Lender may inspect the Property if the Property is vacant
or abandoned or the loan is in default. Lender may take reasonable action to protect and preserve such vacant or
abandoned Property. Borrower shall also be in default if Borrower, during the loan application process, gave materially
false or inaccurate information or statements to Lender (or failed to provide Lender with any material information)
in connection with the lgan evidenced by the Note, including, but not limited to, representations concerning Borrower‘s
occupancy of the Property as aprincipal residence. If this Security Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply
with the provisions of the lease. If Borrower acquires fee title to the Property, the leasehold and fee title shall not
be merged unless Lender agrees to the merger in writing.
6. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, in connection with
any condemnation or other taking of any part of the Property, or for conveyance in place of condemnation, are hereby
assigned and shall be paid to Lender to the extent of the full amount of the indebtedness that remains unpaid under
the Note and this Security Instrument. Lender shall apply such proceeds to the reduction of the indebtedness under
the Note and this Security Instrument, first to any delinquent amounts applied in the order provided in paragraph 3,
and then to prepayment of principal. Any application of the proceeds to the principal shall not extend or postpone
 
Document Systems, Inc. (800)649-1362 Page 3 of 8

the due date of the monthly payments, which are referred to in paragraph 2, or change the amount of such payments.
Any excess proceeds over an amount required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the Note and this Security
Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
7. Charges to Borrower and Protection of Lender's Rights in the Property. Borrower shall pay all governmental
or municipal charges, fines and impositions that are not included in paragraph 2. Borrower shall pay these obligations
on time directly to the entity which is owed the payment. If failure to pay would adversely affect Lender's interest in
the Property, upon Lender's request Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender receipts evidencing these payments.
If Borrower fails to make these payments or the payments required by paragraph 2, or fails to perform any other
covenants and agreements contained in this Security Instrument, or there is a legal proceeding that may significantly
affect Lender's rights in the Property (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, for condemnation or to enforce laws or
regulations), then Lender may do and pay whatever is necessary to protect the value ofthe Property and Lender's rights
in the Property, including payment of taxes, hazard insurance and other items mentioned in paragraph 2.
Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this paragraph shall become an additional debt of Borrower and be
secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest from the date of disbursement at the Note rate,
and at the option of Lender shall be immediately due and payable.
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument unless Borrower: (a)
agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable to Lender; (b) contests
in good faith the lien by, or defends against enforcement ofthe lien in, legal proceedings which in the Lender's opinion
operate to prevent the enforcement of the lien; or (c) secures from the holder of the lien an agreement satisfactory
to Lender subordinating the lien to this Security Instrument. If Lender determines that any part of the Property is
subject to a lien which may attain priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying
the lien. Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take one or more of the actions set forth above within 10 days of the giving
of notice.
8. Fees. Lender may collect fees and charges authorized by the Secretary.
9. Grounds for Acceleration of Debt.
(a) Default. Lender may, except as limited by regulations issued by the Secretary in the case of payment
defaults, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument if:
(i) Borrower defaults by failing to pay in full any monthly payment required by this Security
Instrument prior to or on the due date of the next monthly payment, or
(ii) Borrower defaults by failing, for a period of thirty days, to perform any other obligations contained
in this Security Instrument.
(b) Sale Without Credit Approval. Lender shall, if permitted by applicable law (including section 34I(d)
of the Garn-St. Germain Depository Institutions Act of 1982, I2 U.S.C. I701j - 3(d)) and with the prior
approval of the Secretary, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument
if:
(i) All or part of the Property, or a beneficial interest in a trust owning all or part of the Property,
is sold or otherwise transferred (other than by devise or descent), and
(ii) The Property is not occupied by the purchaser or grantee as his or her principal residence, or the
purchaser or grantee does so occupy the Property, but his or her credit has not been approved in
accordance with the requirements of the Secretary.
(c) No Waiver. If circumstances occur that would permit Lender to require immediate payment in full, but
Lender does not require such payments, Lender does not waive its rights with respect to subsequent events.
(d) Regulations of HUD Secretary. In many circumstances regulations issued by the Secretary will limit
Lender's rights in the case of payment defaults, to require immediate payment in full and foreclose if not
paid. This Sec§1rity Instrument does not authorize acceleration or foreclosure if not permitted by regulations
of the Secretary.
(e) Mortgage Not Insured. Borrower agrees that if this Security Instrument and the Note are not
determined to be eligible for insurance under the National Housing Act within 60 DAYS
from the date hereof Lender may, at its option require immediate payment in full
of all sums secured by this Security Instrument. A written statement of any authorized agent of the Secretary
dated subsequent to 60 DAYS from the date hereof, declining to insure this
Security Instrument and the Note, shall be deemed conclusive proof of such ineligibility. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this option may not be exercised by Lender when the unavailability of insurance is solely due
to Lender's failure to remit a mortgage insurance premium to the Secretary.
 
Document Systems, Inc. (soo) 649-1362 Page 4 of 8

l0. Reinstatement. Borrower has a right to be reinstated if Lender has required immediate payment in full
because of Borrower's failure to pay an amount due under the Note or this Security Instrument. This right applies
even after foreclosure proceedings are instituted. To reinstate the Security Instrument, Borrower shall tender in a lump
sum all amounts required to bring Borrower's account current including, to the extent they are obligations of Borrower
under this Security Instrument, foreclosure costs and reasonable and customary attorneys' fees and expenses properly
associated with the foreclosure proceeding. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security Instrument and the
obligations that it secures shall remain in effect as if Lender had not required immediate payment in full. However,
Lender is not required to permit reinstatement if: (i) Lender has accepted reinstatement after the commencement of
foreclosure proceedings within two years immediately preceding the commencement of a current foreclosure
proceeding, (ii) reinstatement will preclude foreclosure on different grounds in the future, or (iii) reinstatement will
adversely affect the priority of the lien created by this Security Instrument.
ll. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance by Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time of payment or
modification of amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender to any successor in
interest of Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of the original Borrower or Borrower's successors in
interest. Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against any successor in interest or refuse to extend
time for payment or otherwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any
demand made by the original Borrower or Borrower's successors in interest. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising
any right or remedy shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy.
l2. Successors and Assigus Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Co-Signers. The covenants and agreements of this
Security Instrument shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender and Borrower, subject to the provisions
of paragraph 9(b). Borrower's covenants and agreements shall be joint and several. Any Borrower who co-signs this
Security Instrument but does not execute the Note: (a) is co-signing this Security Instrument only to mortgage, grant
and convey that Borrower's interest in the Property under the terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not personally
obligated to pay the sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower may
agree to extend, modify, forbear or make any accommodations with regard to the terms of this Security Instrument or
the Note without that Borrower's consent.
13. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by delivering it or
by mailing it by first class mail unless applicable law requires use of another method. The notice shall be directed to
the Property Address or any other address Borrower designates by notice to Lender. Any notice to Lender shall be
given by first class mail to Lender's address stated herein or any address Lender designates by notice to Borrower. Any
notice provided for in this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower or Lender when given
as provided in this paragraph.
14. Goveming Law; Severability. This Security Instrument shall be governed by federal law and the law of the
jurisdiction in which the Property is located. In the event that any provision or clause of this Security Instrument or
the Note conHicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or the
Note which can be given effect without the conflicting provision. To this end the provisions of this Security Instrument
and the Note are declared to be severable.
I5. Borrower's Copy. Borrower shall be given one conformed copy of the Note and of this Security Instrument.
16. Hamrdous Substances. Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or release of
any Hazardous Substances on or in the Property. Borrower shall not do, nor allow anyone else to do, anything
affecting the Property that is in violation of any Environmental Law. The preceding two sentences shall not apply to
the presence, use, or storage on the Property of small quantities of Hazardous Substances that are generally recognized
to be appropriate to normal residential uses and to maintenance of the Property.
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of any investigation, claim, demand, lawsuit or other action
by any governmental o§ regulatory agency or private party involving the Property and any Hazardous Substance or
Environmental Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge. If Borrower learns, or is notified by any governmental
or regulatory authority, that any removal or other remediation of any Hazardous Substances affecting the Property is
necessary, Borrower shall promptly take all necessary remedial actions in accordance with Environmental Law.
As used in this paragraph I6, "Hazardous Substances" are those substances dehned as toxic or hazardous substances
by Environmental Law and the following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or toxic petroleum products,
toxic pesticides and herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or formaldehyde, and radioactive
materials. As used in this paragraph I6, "Environmental Law" means federal laws and laws of the jurisdiction where
the Property is located that relate to health, safety or environmental protection.
 
Document systems, Inc (200) 649-mz Page 5 of 8

NON—UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
17. Assignment of Rents. Borrower unconditionally assigns and transfers to Lender all the rents and revenues
ofthe Property. Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender's agents to collect the rents and revenues and hereby directs
each tenant of the Property to pay the rents to Lender or Lender's agents. However, prior to Lender's notice to
Borrower of Borrower's breach of any covenant or agreement in the Security Instrument, Borrower shall collect and
receive all rents and revenues of the Property as trustee for the benetit of Lender and Borrower. This assignment of
rents constitutes an absolute assignment and not an assignment for additional security only.
If Lender gives notice of breach to Borrower: (a) all rents received by Borrower shall be held by Borrower as
trustee for benefit of Lender only, to be applied to the sums secured by the Security Instrument; (b) Lender shall be
entitled to collect and receive all of the rents of the Property; and (c) each tenant of the Property shall pay all rents
due and unpaid to Lender or Lender's agent on Lender's written demand to the tenant.
Borrower has not executed any prior assignment of the rents and has not and will not perform any act that would
prevent Lender from exercising its rights under this paragraph 17.
Lender shall not be required to enter upon, take control of or maintain the Property before or after giving notice
of breach to Borrower. However, Lender or a judicially appointed receiver may do so at any time there is a breach.
Any application of rents shall not cure or waive any default or invalidate any other right or remedy of Lender. This
assignment of rents of the Property shall terminate when the debt secured by the Security Instrument is paid in full.
18. Foreclosure Procedure. If Lender requires immediate payment in full under paragraph 9, Lender may invoke
the power of sale and any other remedies permitted by applicable law. Lender shall be entitled to collect all expenses
incurred in pursuing the remedies provided in this paragraph 18, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys'
fees and costs of title evidence.
If Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall execute or cause Trustee to execute a written notice of the
occurrence of an event of default and of Lender's election to cause the Property to be sold and shall cause such notice
to be recorded in each county in which any part of the Property is located. Lender or Trustee shall give notice of sale
in the manner prescribed by applicable law to Borrower and to the other persons prescribed by applicable law. Alter
the time required by applicable law, Trustee, without demand on Borrower, shall sell the Property at public auction
to the highest bidder at the time and place and under the terms designated in the notice of sale in one or more parcels
and in any order Trustee determines. Trustee may postpone sale of all or any parcel of the Property by public
announcement at the time and place of any previously scheduled sale. Lender or its designee may purchase the
Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee's deed conveying the Property without any covenant or warranty,
expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee's deed shall be prima facie evidence of the truth of the statements
made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the following order: (a) to all expenses of the sale,
including, but not limited to, reasonable Trustee's and attorneys' fees; (b) to all sums secured by this Security
Instrument; and (c) any excess to the person or persons legally entitled to it.
If the Lender's interest in this Security Instrument is held by the Secretary and the Secretary requires immediate
payment in full under paragraph 9, the Secretary may invoke the nonjudicial power of sale provided in the Single
Family Mortgage Foreclosure Act of 1994 ("Act") (12 U.S.C. 3751 et seq.) by requesting a foreclosure commissioner
designated under the Act to commence foreclosure and to sell the Property as provided in the Act. Nothing in the
preceding sentence shall deprive the Secretary of any rights otherwise available to a Lender under this paragraph 18
or applicable law.
19. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall request Trustee
to reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security Instrument and all notes evidencing debt secured by this
Security Instrument to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the Property without warranty to the person or persons legally
entitled to it. Lender giay charge such person or persons a fee for reconveying the Property, if the fee is paid to a
third party Trustee for services rendered and charging of the fee is permitted under applicable law. Such person or
persons shall pay any recordation costs.
20. Substitute Trustee. Lender may from time to time remove Trustee and appoint a successor trustee to any
Trustee appointed hereunder. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor trustee shall succeed to all the title,
power and duties conferred upon Trustee herein and by applicable law.
21. Attomeys' Fees. As used in this Security Instrument and in the Note, "attorneys' fees" shall include any
attorneys' fees awarded by an appellate court.
 
Document Systems, Inc (soo) 649-1362 Page 6 of 8

22. Riders to this Security Instrmnent. If one or more riders are executed by Borrower and recorded together
with this Security Instrument, the covenants of each such rider shall be incorporated into and shall amend and
supplement the covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument as if the rider(s) were a part of this Security
Instrument.
[Check applicable box(es)]
lil Condominium Rider l;l Graduated Payment Rider lj Growing Equity Rider
l;l Planned Unit Development Rider lil Adjustable Rate Rider l;-l Rehabilitation Loan Rider
lil Non-Owner Occupancy Rider lil Other [Specify] MANUFACTURED HOME RIDER,
AFFIXATION AFFIDAVIT
WARNING
Unless you provide us with evidence of the insurance coverage as required by our contract or loan agreement, we
may purchase insurance at your expense to protect our interest. This insurance may, but need not, also protect your
interest. If the collateral becomes damaged, the coverage we purchase may not pay any claim you make or any claim
made against you. You may later cancel this coverage by providing evidence that you have obtained property coverage
elsewhere.
You are responsible for the cost of any insurance purchased by us. The cost of this insurance may be added to your
contract or loan balance. If the cost is added to your contract or loan balance, the interest rate on the underlying
contract or loan will apply to this added amount. The effective date of coverage may be the date your prior coverage
lapsed or the date you failed to provide proof of coverage.
The coverage we purchase may be considerably more expensive than insurance you can obtain on your own and
may not satisfy any need for property damage coverage or any mandatory liability insurance requirements imposed by
applicable law.
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms contained in pages I through 8 of this Security
Instrument and in any rider(s) executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
 (sea1)  (Seal)
EBECCA M- SMIT -Borrower -Borrower
  (Seal)   (Seal)
-Borrower -Borrower
 (Seal)  (Seal)
-Borrower -Borrower
Witness: Witness:
§
FHA OREGON DEED OF TRUST - MERS 6/96
Document Systems, Inc (800) 649-1362 P8.g€ 7 of 8

STATE OF OREGON, LINCOLN County ss:
This instrument was acknowledged before me on {Y-l¤·rc.h 5I » Jug ,
by REBECCA M. SMITH
(Oficial Scal) » _ ’*<..’\.w<.`\..‘<.\..’<.\*.x.\.*<.~\.·Y.\.·¤.,\:.\g
  ·· ,._ A OFFICIALSEAL If C
6 * _   DAWN E BALLEW 9 <-{
,I     NOTARY PUBLIC - OREGON =}
 I ‘· COMMISSION NO. 380128 I) Notary public for (yegon
·¤ MV COMMISSION EXPIRES MA\'7,2008 I 
My Commission expires:  
REQUEST FOR RECONVEYANCE
TO TRUSTEE:
The undersigned is the holder of the note or notes secured by this Deed of Trust. Said note or notes, together with
all other indebtedness secured by the Deed of Trust, have been paid in full. You are hereby directed to cancel said
note or notes and this Deed of Trust, which are delivered hereby, and to reconvey, without warranty, all the estate now
held by you under this Deed of Trust to the person or persons legally entitled thereto.
Date:
§
FHA OREGON DEED OF TRUST - MERS 6/96
Document Systems, Inc. (800) 649-1362 Page 8 of 8

MANN MORTGAGE LLC
122 O WHITEFISH STAGE ROAD, KALISPELL,
MONTANA 5 9 9 0 1
Loan Number: 1101572
(To be recorded with Security Instrument)
AFFIXATION AFFIDAVIT REGARDING MAN UFACTU RED
(AND FACTORY BUILT) HOM E
The State of OREGON )
County of LINCOLN )
Before me, the undersigned authority, on this day personally appeared REBECCA M. SMITH
(Borr0wer(s)) and MANN MORTGAGE , LLC D/B/A AMERIFIRST MORTGAGE
SOLUTIONS
known to me to be the person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed below, and who, being by me first duly
sworn, did each on his/or her oath state as follows:
DESCRIPTION OF MANUFACTURED HOME
USED 1 9 7 7 BARR INGTON
New/Used Year Manufacturer' s Name
2662K WAF21A70331 0586 67 X 14
Model Name or Model No. Manufacturer' s Serial No. Length x Width
WAS 0 O 2 7 0 7
HUD Label Number(s): Certificate of Title Number:
MANUFACTURED HOME LOCATION
85 NORTH YODEL LANE LINCOLN
Street County
OTIS OREGON 97368
City State Zip Code
ATIO FID G · O . .
2AAF'\liB( FACTr~g)é$ BUfL\%TH%EM QRDING MANUFACTURED D0,,Mag,c  ;,;;   
AARMFBH.MSC 11/21/07 Page 1 of 4

In addition to the covenants and agreements made in the Security Instrument, Borrower covenants and agrees
as follows:
1. The manufactured home described above located at the address above is permanently affixed to a
foundation and will assume the characteristic of site-built housing.
2. The wheels, axles, tow bar, or hitch were removed when said manufactured home was placed on the
permanent site.
3. All foundations, both perimeter and piers for said manufactured home have footings that are located
below the frost line or in compliance with local building codes or requirements.
4. lf piers are used for said manufactured home, they will be placed where said home manufacturer
recommends.
5. lf state law so requires, anchors for said manufactured home have been provided.
6. The manufactured home is permanently connected to a septic or sewage system and other utilities such
as electricity, water and natural gas.
7. No other lien or financing affects said manufactured home or real estate, other than those disclosed in
writing to Lender.
8. The foundation system ofthe manufactured home has been designed by an engineer, if required by state
or local building codes, to meet the soil conditions of the site.
9. Borrower(s) acknowledges his or her intent that said manufactured home will become immovable
property and part of the real property securing the security instrument.
10. The Manufactured home will be assessed and taxed as an improvement the real property. l/We
understand that if Lender does not escrow for these taxes, that I/we will be responsible for payment of
such taxes.
11. lf the land is being purchased, such purchase and said manufactured home represent a single real estate
transaction under applicable state law.
12. Said manufactured home has been built under the Federal Manufactured Home Construction and Safety
Standards that were established June 15, 1976.
13. This Affidavit is executed by Borrower(s) pursuant to applicable state law.
14. All permits required by governmental authorities have been obtained. Borrower(s) certifies that
Borrower(s) is in receipt of manufacturer' s recommended maintenance program regarding the carpets
and manufactures warranties covering the heating/ cooling system, hot water heater, range, etc.and
the formaldehyde health notice.
  r
Borrower REBECCA M. SMI TH ate Borrower Date
Borrower Date Borrower Date
Borrower Date Borrower Date
AFFIXATION AFFIDAVIT REGARDING MANUFACTURED Do¢Magic $F®|l11$ 800.64;;.1362
(AND FACTORY BUILT) HOME www.d0cmagic.c0m
AARMFBHMSC 11/21/07 Page 2 of 4

In Witness Whereof, Borrower(s) and Lender has executed this Affidavit in my presence and in the presence
of undersigned witnesses on this day of .
Witness Witness
STATE or  
COUNTY OF  
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this g. day of   ,
by  
  3
who is personally known to me or who provided   as identification.
fx ___;\“_\fA__<_\,x_ ,\,X_\_.\»_A_-\;\_·\»>;\) Notary Public
( L OFFICIAL SEAL  
    DAWN E BALLEW  
  ‘ _§·’ NOTARY PUBLIC- OREGON Z D E E  
Jr   COMMISSION NO. 380128 »/ _
I? MY COMMISSION EXPIRES MAV7,2008 A} Print Name
My Commission Expires:  
AFFIXATION AFFIDAVIT REGARDING MANUFACTURED ‘ q7s"g;·,_m§ . .
(AND FACTORY BUILT) HOME Docmaglc w;w.d0céii?1;;fg.;:i>(i;l
AARM FBH.MSC 11/21/07 Page 3 of 4

LENDER'S STATEIVIENT OF INTENT
The undersigned ("Lender") intends that the Home be an immovable fixture and a permanent improvement
to the Land.
MANN MORTGAGE , LLC D/B/A AMERIFIRST MORTGAGE SOLUTIONS
Lender
Authorized Signature
STATE OF OREGON )
) ss.:
COUNTY OF LINCOLN )
On the Am. day of  in the year  before
me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally agéeared ; ..._
personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual(s) whose
name(s) is/ are subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the
same in his/ her/ their capacity(ies), and that by his/ her/ their signature(s) on the instrument, the individual(s),
or the person on behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.
Notary Signature
  _ -  X\_ V `Dgmg E &.l\,,.;
      Notary Printed Name
  No-KAWN *5 BM-Lew .
    COMzLl;%’C?_Ll§21 - QHEGON   Notary Public; State of .O£¤,§:.¤  
 a .,;*,t‘{V§¤=¢M%é§5N ?x,¤$‘-38°’2° 4} ·
` “’“;`e    I;  Qualified inthe county Or Li uml ¤
Off ` l S l
( ma ca) My Commission Expires:  
Drafted By:  
AFF|xAT|oN AFFIDAVIT REGARDING MANUFACTURED D0cMag;c a ®,,,,G $00.6494362
(AND FACTORY BUILT) HOME www.d0cmagic.c0m
AARM FBH.MSC 11/21/07 Page 4 of 4

MIN: 1000632-0001101572-2 Loan Number: 1101572
MANUFACTURED HOM E RIDER
TO M ORTGAGE, DEED OF TRUST
OR OTHER SECURITY INSTRUM ENT
THIS MANUFACTURED HOME RIDER is made this 2 8 th day of MARCH, 2 O O 8 ,
and is incorporated into and shall be deemed to amend and supplement that certain Mortgage, Deed of Trust
or Other Security Instrument (the "Security Instrument") of the same date hereof given by the undersigned
(the "Borrower(s)") to secure Borrower' s Promissory Note (or Manufactured Home Retail Installment
Contract) to MANN MORTGAGE, LLC D/B/A AMERIFIRST MORTGAGE
SOLUTIONS (the "Note Holder")
of the same date hereof (the "Note"), and relating to the property described in the Security Instrument and
located at:
8 5 NORTH YODEL LANE , OTIS , OREGON 97 3 6 8
The following provisions are applicable to the Security Instrument, including those marked and completed
(where applicable):
l. [I DESCRIPTION OF REAL PROPERTY. The description of the real property set forth in the
Security Instrument is amended by the addition of the following:
"Together with all improvements constructed upon, affixed to or located upon the above described real
property, including without limitation any residential dwelling located upon or to be located thereon,
which dwelling is or may be a manufactured home, as hereinbelow described, which manufactured
home is or upon placement and affixation shall be conclusively deemed to be real estate (the
"Manufactured Home"):
Make: Model: Serial Number:
Year Built: Length and Width:
EI No Certificate of Title has been issued lj Certificate of Title No.
2. gl MANUFACTURED HOME AS PERSONAL PROPERTY SECURITY. The Note is also secured
by a security interest in favor of Note Holder in the following described manufactured home ("Manufactured
Home"), which is located on the real property described in the Security Instrument:
Make: Model: Serial Number:
2662K 2662K WAF21A70331 0586
Year Built: 1977 Length and Width: 67 X 14
[El No Certificate of Title has been issued El Certificate of Title No.
MANUFACTURED HOME RIDER TO MORTGAGE, DEED OF TRUST D0cMagic 5 @:111; 800-649-1362
OR OTHER SECURITY INSTRUMENT www.d0cmagic.c0m
07/28/06 Page 1 of 3

3. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF BORROWER(S) RELATING TO MANUFACTURED HOME.
If Paragraph l has been marked and completed, Borrower(s) agree(s) to comply with all State and local laws
and regulations relating to the affixation of the Manufactured Home to the real property described herein
including, but not limited to, surrendering the Certificate of Title (if required), obtaining any governmental
approval and executing any documentation necessary to classify the Manufactured I-Iome as real property
under State and local law.
The Manufactured Home shall be at all times and for all purposes permanently affixed to and part ofthe real
property described herein and shall not be removed from said real property. Borrower(s) covenant(s) that
affixing the Manufactured Home to the real property described herein does not violate any zoning laws or
other local requirements applicable to manufactured homes.
If Paragraph 2 has been marked and completed, Borrower(s) agree(s) and covenant(s) that the Manufactured
Home is and shall remain personal property, severable and separate from the real property described in the
Security Instrument, and agree(s) and covenant(s) not to take any action, or fail to take any action, which
would result in a change in such status.
4. SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FINANCING STATEMENT. This Security Instrument shall be a
security agreement granting Lender a first and prior security interest in all of Borrower's right, title and
interest in, to and under any personal property ("Personal Property") which under and within the meaning
of the applicable State laws is and cannot be classified and considered real property, if any. Personal
Property shall also include the Manufactured Home described in Paragraph 2 hereof, if applicable. In the
event of any foreclosure sale, whether made by Trustee or a substitute trustee, or under judgment ofthe court
or pursuant to a power of sale, all of the Property and Personal Property may, at the option of Lender, be
sold as a whole or any part thereof It shall not be necessary to have present at the place of such sale the
Personal Property or any part thereof Lender, as well as Trustee or any substitute trustee on Lender's
behalf shall have all the rights, remedies and recourses with respect to the Personal Property afforded to a
"Secured Party" by the applicable state laws in addition to and not in limitation of the other rights and
recourse afforded Lender and/or Trustee or any substitute trustee under this Security Instrument.
Borrower(s) shall, upon demand, pay to Lender the amount of any and all expenses, including the fees and
disbursements of Lender' s legal counsel and of any experts and agents which Lender may incur in connection
with: (i) the making and/or administration of this Security Instrument; (ii) the custody, preservation, use
or operation of, or the sale or collection from, or other realization upon any property, real and/or personal,
described in this Security Instrument; (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of Lender under
this Security Instrument; or (iv) the failure by Borrower(s) to perform or observe any of the provisions or
covenants in this Security Instrument.
Lender may, at its election, at any time alter the delivery of this Security Instrument, sign one or more copies
of this Security Instrument in order that such copies may be used as a financing statement under the
applicable State laws. Lender' s signature need not be acknowledged, and is not necessary to the effectiveness
hereof as a deed of trust, a security agreement, or (unless otherwise required by applicable law) a financing
statement.
5. RESPONSIBILITY FOR IMPROVEMENTS. Lender shall not be responsible for any improvements
made or to be made, or for their completion relating to the real property, and shall not in any way be
considered a guarantor of performance by any person or party providing or effecting such improvements.
MANUFACTURED HOME RIDER TO MORTGAGE, DEED OF TRUST D0g;Mggig· 2 (p; yp; 304;.549.1352
OR OTHER SECURITY INSTRUMENT www_d°cmagic_c°m
07/28/06 Page 2 of 3

6. INVALID PROVISIONS. If any provision of this Security Instrument is declared invalid, illegal or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions
shall be severed from this Security Instrument and the remainder enforced as if such invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provision is not a part of this Security Instrument.
Executed this T) ) day of Vl@`*"(’l/\'   .
gl
yn (Seal)   (Seal)
REBECCA M- SMITH —Borrower —Borrower
  (Seal)   (Seal)
—Borrower —Borrower
  (Seal)   (Seal)
—Borrower —Borrower
MANUFACTURED HOME RIDER TO MORTGAGE, DEED OF TRUST DggM;gi; 2 Q; ny; 300.54;;.1352
OR OTHER SECURITY INSTRUMENT www. d0cmagic.c0m
07/28/06 Page 3 of 3

