EEGI5 3'U3F¤i.?°"}$S· -<i§i’¤¤¤s
l, Dana W. Jenkins, County Clerk, in and for said county, do hereby
certify that the within instrument was received for record, and
recorded in the Book of Records of said county at Newport, Oregon.
WITNESS my hand and seal of said office affixed.
DANA W. JEN  incoln County Clerk `>+¤°L E  qw
  ‘‘*·  
Doc : 2!?lfZi8®4176.4  -».**`
Inv : B14?) 166.m   
U4/U3/2008 12:56:28pm %s.,,,,.e¤¤"
RECORDING COVER SHEET
THIS COVER SHEET HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR ATTACHMENT TO THE
ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENT AS PROVIDED BY OREGON REVISED
STATUTES 205.234. ANY ERRORS IN THIS COVER SHEET DO NOT
AFFECT THE TRANSACT|ON(S) CONTAINED IN THE DOCUMENT ITSELF.
(A) Name(s) ofthe transaction(s) described in the attached instrument:
Line of Credit Trust Deed, Security Agreement, Fixture Filing And
Assignment Of Leases And Rents
(B) Names of the grantor(s) and grantee(s) to the transaction:
Grantor : Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership
Beneficiary : City of Lincoln City
Trustee : Western Title Insurance Company
(C) The person authorized to receive the instrument after recording, as
provided by ORS 205.180(4) and 205.238 is:
Cathy Steere, CMC
Administration
City of Lincoln City
‘ PO Box 50 ,
Lincoln City, OR 97367
Consideration amount is $60,000

l Resolution No. 2008-10, Exhibit C
When Recorded Return to:
City of Lincoln City
City Recorder
P.O. Box 50
Lincoln City, Oregon 97367
LINE OF CREDIT TRUST DEED, SECURITY AGREEMENT,
FIXTURE FILING AND ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS
Statutory Notice
The maximum principal amount to be advanced pursuant to the Loan Agreement (as
defined below) is $60,000. Such amount may be exceeded (at Beneficiary's option) to complete
the construction of previously agreed-upon improvements on the Land (as defined below)
pursuant to ORS 86.155.
The maturity date is January 28, 2023.
THIS LINE OF CREDIT TRUST DEED, SECURITY AGREEMENT, FIXTURE
FILING AND ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS ("Trust Deed") is made as of the
29th day of January, 2008 by and among BEACON CREST ASSOCIATES II LIMITED
PARTNERSHIP, an Oregon limited partnership, as "Grantor", WESTERN TITLE
INSURANCE COMPANY, as "Trustee," and the CITY OF LINCOLN, an Oregon municipal
corporation, as "Beneficiary."
All capitalized tenns not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given thereto
in the Loan Agreement (as defined below).
Therefore, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which
is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:
1. GRANT AND CONVEYANCE.
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Grantor does hereby convey to Trustee, in trust, WITH
POWER OF SALE, that certain real property situated in the County of Lincoln, State of Oregon,
and described in Exhibit A (the "Land");
TOGETHER WITH a security interest in, and a lien upon, all improvements, property
and property rights associated with the Land, and all proceeds thereof, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, including, but not limited to, the following:
Page l ~ Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership -1/29/2008)

All buildings, structures and improvements now or at any time hereafter erected,
constructed and situated upon the Land or any part thereof (collectively,
"Impr0vements") and all apparatus, appliances, fumaces, boilers, machinery, engines,
equipment and other like property and fixtures of every kind and description now or
hereafter affixed or attached to or located in any such Improvements;
All funriture, fixtures (including without limitation appliances), equipment, and other
personal property used in connection with the operation of the Land and Improvements;
and
All general intangibles, licenses, accounts, contracts and contract rights (including
construction and architect contracts), leases, rental agreements, and other agreements for
the use and occupancy of residential or commercial space in the Improvements, Rents (as
defined in Section 4 below), plans and specifications, engineering environmental or other
reports and studies, management contracts or agreements, zoning rights and privileges,
pennits, and certificates required, used or created in connection with the construction,
ownership, operation or maintenance of the Land or Improvements.
The Land, Improvements, and all other property described above are hereinafter
collectively referred to as the "Property".
Grantor is indebted to Beneficiary according to the tenns of the Note of even date
herewith in the principal amount of $60,000, under which the final payment of principal and
interest will be due on January 28, 2023. The Note, together with any note or notes given in
renewal, modification, substitution or in addition to the promissory note originally issued, is
referred to herein as the "Note." This Trust Deed, and the lien and security interest granted
hereunder, are given to secure (a) repayment of all principal under the Note, (b) performance of
all obligations of Grantor under that certain Loan Agreement of even date herewith between
Grantor and Beneficiary ("Loan Agreement"), (c) any future amounts that Beneficiary may in
its discretion loan to Grantor, with interest thereon, (d) any amounts expended or advanced by
Beneficiary to discharge obligations of Grantor or expenses incurred by Beneficiary or Trustee to
enforce obligations of Grantor, as permitted under this Trust Deed, and (e) performance of all
other obligations of Grantor under this Trust Deed or under the Note.
2. COVENANTS
Grantor represents, warrants and covenants as follows:
2.1 Title. Grantor is the lawful owner of the Property, and the Property is free and
clear of any trust deed, mortgage, lien, charge, encumbrance, easement or other matter affecting
title thereto, other than property taxes not yet due and payable, utility easements, liens securing
loans in favor of any senior lender to which the lien of this Trust Deed is expressly subordinated
in writing, use restrictions and covenants required by any government agency in comrection with
the low—income housing use of the Property and matters permitted by Beneficiary as set forth in
Page 2 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership —l/29/2008)

Exhibit B (collectively "Permitted Exceptions"). Grantor will maintain and preserve the lien of
this Trust Deed until the obligations secured hereby have been paid in full.
2.2 Performance. Grantor will pay to Beneficiary promptly when due all amounts
due under the Note, the Loan Agreement, this Trust Deed, and any other documents executed by
Grantor in favor of Beneficiary in connection herewith, and shall strictly perform all obligations
imposed upon Grantor by this Trust Deed.
2.3 Maintain Property. Grantor will protect, preserve and maintain, at Grantor’s
expense, all Improvements in good order and repair and will not permit or cause any waste of the
Property, and will complete or restore promptly and in a good and workmanlike manner, all
repairs necessary to the Land and Improvements that may be constructed, damaged or destroyed.
Grantor shall not conduct or permit any nuisance to be maintained on the Land. Grantor shall
not remove from the Land or demolish any of the Improvements.
2.4 Access by Beneficiary. Beneficiary and its agents and representatives may, upon
twenty-four (24) hours' prior notice, except in the case of an emergency when no notice shall be
required, enter upon the Property to attend to Beneficiary's interest and to inspect the Property.
This provision shall not be construed to allow Beneficiary or its representatives to violate (or
cause the owner or manager to violate) the provisions of the Oregon Landlord Tenant Act.
2.5 Insurance. The Grantor will obtain and maintain (a) commercial general liability
and property damage insurance, naming Beneficiary, its employees and agents as additional
insureds, covering the Improvements and the Land and the work and business conducted thereon,
with such limits as Beneficiary may reasonably request from time to time, and (b) insurance
against loss or damage to the Improvements and other tangible Property (other than the Land) by
fire and any of the risks covered under an "all risk" policy, with extended coverage and course of
construction endorsements and with a standard lender’s loss payable clause naming as
beneficiary "City of Lincoln City," in an amount not less than the full replacement value of the
Improvements, in each case in a company or companies acceptable to Beneficiary, and will
deliver copies of all such policies and renewals thereof to Beneficiary. Each such policy of
insurance shall require at least 30 days' prior written notice to Beneficiary of cancellation or
reduction of coverage. Grantor agrees that it will comply with the requirements of Beneficiary
as to the purchase and maintenance of flood insurance, as those requirements are established by
Beneficiary's policies and requirements in effect from time to time.
WARNING:
Unless you (Grantor) provide us (Beneficiary) with evidence of the insurance
coverage as required by our contract or Loan Agreement, we may purchase insurance at
your expense to protect our interest. This insurance may, but need not, also protect your
interest. If the collateral becomes damaged, the coverage we purchase may not pay any
claim you make or any claim made against you. You may later cancel this coverage by
providing evidence that you have obtained property coverage elsewhere.
Page 3 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership —l/29/2008)

You are responsible for the cost of insurance purchased by us. The cost of this
insurance may be added to your contract or loan balance. If the cost is added to your
contract or loan balance, the interest rate on the underlying contract or loan will apply to
this added amount. The effective date of coverage may be the date your prior coverage
lapsed or the date you failed to provide proof of coverage.
The coverage we purchase may be considerably more expensive than insurance you
can obtain on your own and may not satisfy any need for property damage coverage or any
mandatory liability insurance requirements imposed by applicable law.
2.6 Liens, Taxes and Assessments. Grantor will, so long as this Trust Deed remains
in force, keep the Property free from construction liens and will timely pay all taxes,
assessments, charges or liens that may be levied or assessed upon the Property, before any tax,
assessment, charge or lien becomes past due or delinquent, and before commencement of any
foreclosure or collection proceedings that may threaten the security of this Trust Deed. Grantor
shall not, without Beneficiary's prior written consent, place or allow any liens or encumbrances
to be placed on the Property (other than Permitted Exceptions).
2.7 Other Loans Kept Current. Grantor shall timely make all payments due and
perform all other covenants under all other loans secured by the Property.
2.8 Environmental Matters.
(a) Grantor shall indemnify and hold harmless Beneficiary from and against
any and all losses, liabilities, damages, injuries, costs, expenses and claims (collectively,
"Claims") arising out of or relating to the presence on or under, or the escape, seepage, leakage,
spillage, discharge, emission or release from, the Property of any Hazardous Material (including,
without limitation, any Claims asserted or arising under the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act, any so-called "superfund" or "super lien" law or any
other federal, state or local statute, law, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, order or decree
applicable to the Property or to the operations thereon that regulates, relates to or imposes
liability or standards of conduct concerning any Hazardous Material ("Environmental Laws").
For purposes of this Trust Deed, the term "Hazardous Material" shall mean any and all
hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or materials as listed or defined by any Enviromnental
Law. Grantor will give Beneficiary prompt written notice of any proceeding, inquiry or notice
by or from any govemmental authority with respect to any alleged violation of any
Environmental Law or the presence of any hazardous materials on the Property, and of Grantor's
discovery of any hazardous materials on, in or under the Property.
(b) Grantor warrants to Beneficiary that, to the best knowledge and belief of
Grantor and based on due and diligent inquiry by Grantor, (i) there are no Hazardous Materials
in, upon, or buried on or beneath the Property or the Improvements, nor have any Hazardous
Materials been emitted or released therefrom in violation of any Enviromnental Laws, and (ii)
there are not now, nor have there been, any underground storage tanks located on the Property,
including any tanks used for the storage of Hazardous Materials. In no event shall Grantor bring
onto, store upon, bury, use upon, emit or release from, nor allow to be brought onto, stored upon,
buried, used upon, or emitted or released from the Propety, any Hazardous Materials in violation
Page 4 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership -1/29/2008)

of any Enviromnental Laws, nor cause or permit any underground tanks to be installed on the
Property.
2.9 Compliance with Laws and Covenants. Grantor shall promptly comply with all
federal, state, and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including without limitation all
Environmental Laws, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, and the Fair Housing Act of
1968 (as amended or as may be amended from time to time) applicable to the use or occupancy
of the Property. Grantor may contest in good faith and with diligence any law, ordinance or
regulation and withhold compliance during any proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so
long as Beneficiary’s interest in the Property is not jeopardized. Grantor shall also comply with
any and all restrictive covenants and affordability requirements (including without limitation
those contained in the Loan Agreement) applicable to the use or occupancy of the Property.
2.10 Failure to Comply with Covenants. Should Grantor default in the performance
of any of the above covenants relating to payments of insurance, liens, taxes, assessments or
other charges, and fail to cure such default within the cure period set forth below, Beneficiary
may elect to pay any such amount and any payment so made will be added to the debt secured by
this Trust Deed and shall bear interest at the default rate under the Note until paid. Any such
payment by Beneficiary shall be without prejudice to Beneficiary’s rights and remedies
hereunder and shall not be a waiver of default.
2.11 Monthly Impound. Grantor shall maintain a reserve with Beneficiary for
payment of real property taxes, unless the Project is exempt fiom the payment of real property
taxes.
2.12 Further Encumbrance. Grantor shall not permit the Property to be further
encumbered by additional liens for financing without the prior written consent of Beneficiary.
2.13 Grantor’s Defense of Property. Grantor shall appear in and defend any action
or proceeding which may affect the Property or the rights or powers of Beneficiary or Trustee
under this Trust Deed.
2.14 Impairment to Property. Grantor shall not, without Beneficiary’s prior written
consent, change the general nature of the occupancy of the Property, initiate, acquire or permit
any change in any public or private restrictions (including, without limitation, a zoning
reclassification) limiting the uses which may be made of the collateral, or take or pemiit any
action which would impair the Property or Beneficiary’s lien or security interest in the Property.
2.15 Utilities. Grantor shall pay or cause to be paid when due all utility charges which
are incurred by Grantor or others for the benefit of or for service to the Property or which may
become a charge or lien against the Property for gas, electricity, water, sewer or other utility
services fumished to the Property and all other assessments or charges of a similar nature,
whether public or private, affecting the Property or any portion thereof, whether or not such
taxes, assessments or charges are liens thereon.
Page 5 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates Il Limited Partnership -1/29/2008)

2.16 Alterations, Removal and Demolition. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by
Beneficiary, Grantor shall not structurally alter, remove or demolish any building or
improvement on the Property without Beneficiary’s prior written consent, except minor changes
that do not reduce the number of units and do not affect Beneficiary’s affordability requirements.
Grantor shall not remove any fixture or other item or property which is part of the Property
without Beneficiary's prior written consent unless the fixture or item of property is replaced by
an article of equal suitability, owned by Grantor free and clear of any lien or security interest.
2.17 Completion, Repair and Restoration. Grantor shall promptly complete or
repair and restore in good workrnanlike manner any building or improvement on the Property
which may be constructed or damaged or destroyed and shall pay all costs incurred therefor.
Prior to commencement of any construction Grantor shall submit the plans and specifications for
Beneficiary’s approval and furnish evidence of sufficient funds to complete the work.
2.18 Disclosure of Material Facts. Grantor will keep Beneficiary fully and currently
informed as to all material facts and developments regarding Grantor and the construction and
operation of the collateral, including any facts that are necessary to make all previous disclosures
and representations not misleading.
2.19 Notification of Claim or Investigation. Without thereby limiting the generality
of the foregoing, Grantor will promptly notify Beneficiary of any investigation, action, or
proceeding that might affect the title, value, or utility of the collateral, or the security interest of
Beneficiary under this Trust Deed, and Grantor will appear and participate in any such
investigation, action, or proceeding unless excused by Beneficiary in writing. In the event that
Grantor, in Beneficiary's reasonable judgment, fails to participate diligently in any such
investigation, action, or proceeding, Beneficiary may appear and participate in such
investigation, action, or proceeding and settle or compromise claims in connection therewith.
All claims (including awards, payments, damages, direct, consequential, and other proceeds) that
arise in connection with any condemnation or other taking, or for conveyances in lieu of
condemnation, are hereby assigned to Beneficiary.
3. SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING
3.1 Security Agreement. Grantor hereby grants to Beneficiary a continuing security
interest in, and lien upon, Grantor‘s right, title and interest in and to all Property that is personal
property subject to the Oregon Uniform Commercial Code, whether such Property is now owned
or hereafter acquired. Grantor agrees that Beneficiary has the right to file UCC financing
statements, instruments and documents and Grantor agrees to take such other action as may be
necessary or appropriate to perfect or continue the perfection of Beneficiary's security interest in
such collateral.
3.2 Fixture Filing. To the extent any of the Property constitutes fixtures subject to
the Oregon Uniform Commercial Code, this Trust Deed shall also be effective as a financing
statement filed as a fixture filing pursuant to ORS 79.0502, between Grantor as debtor and
Beneficiary as secured party, covering such Property, which is or is to become fixtures related to
the Land. The parties agree that a photographic or other reproduction of this Trust Deed shall be
Page 6 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership -1/29/2008)

sufficient as a financing statement and as a fixture filing and may be filed in any appropriate
office in lieu thereof to the extent permitted by law.
4. ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS
Grantor hereby assigns to Beneficiary and grants to Beneficiary a security interest in all
existing and future leases, rental agreements, and other agreements for the use and occupancy of
residential or commercial space in the Improvements. Grantor further assigns to Beneficiary the
right to receive all of the rents, income, receipts, revenues, and other income of any nature now
due or which may become due to Grantor, including without limitation basic and percentage rent
and payments for use of parking areas or other common areas, arising from or related to the Land
or the Improvements (collectively, the "Rents"); subject, however, to a license hereby granted by
Beneficiary to Grantor to collect and receive Rents so long as no default has occurred under this
Trust Deed.
5. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
Any of the following shall be an event of default ("Event of Default") under this Trust
Deed:
5.l Failure to Pay Obligations Under Note and Trust Deed When Due. Subject to
the right pursuant to Section 4 of the Note to carry over a missed annual principal payment, if
Grantor otherwise fails to pay any sum due under the Note within ten (l 0) days after the date it is
due, or fails to pay any other amount required to be paid by Grantor pursuant to this Trust Deed
or the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, taxes, assessments, insurance and any
other payment necessary to prevent filing or imposition of any liens) within ten (l0) days after
written notice of nonpayment from Beneficiary specifying the default.
5.2 Failure to Comply with Covenants. Grantor fails to perform or abide by any
other covenant in this Trust Deed or in the Loan Documents and such failure, to the extent
curable, is not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice from Beneficiary specifying the
default or, if such breach camiot with due diligence be cured within such period, if Grantor shall
fail within such thirty (30) day period to commence cure of the failure and thereafter diligently
prosecute to completion such cure (which cure in any event shall occur within sixty (60) days
after the default notice).
5.3 Failure to Obtain Beneficiary’s Consent to Transaction. Grantor engages in a
sale, transfer or assignment, or uses Loan proceeds, in violation of the terms of the Note, this
Trust Deed, or the Loan Documents, or changes the use of the Property without Beneficiary’s
prior written consent.
5.4 Failure to Comply. Grantor defaults under the Note, the Loan Agreement, this
Trust Deed (other than as specified in Section 5.1), or the Loan Documents and fails to cure the
default within the applicable cure period, if any, set forth therein.
5.5 Failure to Pay General Debts When Due
Page 7 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership —l/29/2008)

(a) Grantor or any guarantor of the Loan (i) applies for or consents to the
appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee, or liquidator of
itself or of all or a substantial part of its property, (ii) admits in writing its inability to pay, or
generally is not paying, its debts as they become due, (iii) makes a general assignment for the
benefit of creditors, (iv) commences a voluntary action under the United States Bankruptcy Code
(as now or hereafter in effect), (v) is adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, (vi) files a petition
seeking to take advantage of any other law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
winding up, or composition or adjustment of debts, (vii) fails to controvert in a timely or
appropriate marmer, or acquiesces or consents in writing to, any petition filed against it, in an
involuntary action under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or (viii) takes any action for the
purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.
(b) (i) A proceeding or case is commenced against Grantor, without its
consent, in any court of competent jurisdiction, seeking the liquidation, reorganization,
dissolution, windup, or composition or readjustment of the debts of Grantor, (ii) a receiver,
trustee, custodian, liquidator, or the like is appointed for Grantor or for all or a substantial part of
its assets, or (iii) relief is granted to Grantor under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, winding up, or composition or adjustment of debts, and such proceeding or case
continues undismissed, or an order, judgment, or decree approving or ordering any of the
foregoing is entered and continues unstayed and in effect for any period of 60 days, or (iv) an
order for relief against Grantor is entered in an involuntary case under the United States
Bankruptcy Code.
5.6 Failure to Disclose Material Facts. Grantor fails to disclose any fact material to
the making of any loan to Grantor, or upon discovery by Beneficiary of any misrepresentation
by, or behalf of; or for the benefit of Grantor.
5.7 Default Under Other Loans. Grantor defaults under any other loan (including
any construction, permanent, or bond financing) secured in whole or in part by the Property,
including any loan secured by a Permitted Exception, and fails to cure such default within any
applicable cure period set forth in the loan documents relating to such loan. lf Grantor cures a
default under any other loan, that cure shall constitute a cure under this Trust Deed, the Note, or
the Loan Documents, provided Grantor is not in default of any other provision of this Trust
Deed, the Note, or the Loan Documents.
5.8 Default by Guarantors. Any guarantor repudiates or breaches any of its
obligations under the guaranty.
5.9 Failure to Replace Guarantor. Grantor fails to replace a guarantor if such
person becomes the subject of voluntary or involuntary proceeding within 90 days following the
commencement of such proceeding with a replacement reasonably satisfactory to Beneficiary.
5.10 Discontinued Construction. Construction on the Project is discontinued or
prohibited for at least 30 consecutive days, or the Project is abandoned.
Page 8 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership —l/29/2008)

Failure to Diligently Pursue the Project. Grantor fails to diligently pursue the Project during
the Construction Period, including the Lease-up Period.
6. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and at any time thereafter, Trustee or
Beneficiary may, at its option, exercise any one or more of the following rights and remedies:
6.1 Acceleration. Beneficiary may declare the entire remaining unpaid balance of
principal and unpaid accrued interest and other charges payable by Grantor pursuant to the Note
or any other Loan Document, to be immediately due and payable in full.
6.2 Foreclosure. Trustee, at Beneficiary's direction, shall have the right to foreclose
by notice and sale, or Beneficiary shall have the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in
either case in accordance with applicable law. ln any judicial foreclosure, Beneficiary shall be
entitled to obtain a deficiency judgment (subject to any applicable nonrecourse provisions in the
Note) for any amount by which the amount of the obligations secured hereby exceeds the sale
proceeds.
6.3 Waiver of Rights. Notwithstanding subsection 6.2, Beneficiary shall have the
right, at its sole option, to waive its rights under this Trust Deed and pursue an independent
action upon the Note, unless the Note is nonrecourse by its express terms. The Note, Trust Deed,
and other Loan Documents are separate and distinct instruments separately or collectively
enforceable in accordance with their terms.
6.4 Rights and Remedies. Trustee and Beneficiary shall have any other right or
remedy provided in this Trust Deed, the Note, the Loan Documents, or any other instrument
delivered by Grantor in connection therewith, or available at law, in equity, or otherwise in such
order and manner as it may select.
6.5 Notification to Obligors to Pay Rent Directly to Beneficiary. Beneficiary may
at any time, without notice, either in person, by agent or by receiver to be appointed by a court,
and without regard to the adequacy of the security for the obligations hereby secured, notify
obligors of Rents to pay Beneficiary directly, and/or enter upon and take possession of the
Property or any part thereof, in its own name sue or otherwise collect any and all Rents,
including those past due and unpaid, and apply the same, less costs and expenses of operation
and collection, including reasonable attomey fees, upon any obligations secured hereby, and in
such order as Beneficiary may determine.
6.6 Uniform Commercial Code. Beneficiary shall have all rights and remedies
under the Oregon Uniform Commercial Code, as amended from time to time. Beneficiary shall
give Grantor reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale of any personal property
or of the time after which any private sale or any other intended disposition of personal property
collateral is to be made. Reasonable notice shall mean notice given at least ten (l0) days before
the time of the sale or disposition.
Page 9 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership —l/29/2008)

6.7 Exercising Rights and Remedies. In exercising its rights and remedies, Trustee
or Beneficiary may cause all or any part of the Property to be sold as a whole or in parcels, and
certain portions of the Property may be sold without selling other portions. Beneficiary may bid
at any public sale on all or any portion of the Property. A waiver by either party of a breach of a
provision of this Trust Deed shall not constitute a waiver of or prejudice the party's right
otherwise to demand strict compliance with that provision or any other provision. An election by
Beneficiary to pursue any remedy shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and all remedies
of Beneficiary under this Trust Deed are cumulative and not exclusive. An election to make
expenditures or take action to perform an obligation of Grantor shall not affect Beneficiary's
right to declare a default and exercise its remedies under this Trust Deed.
6.8 Foreclosure of Lessee’s Rights - Subordination. Beneficiary shall have the
right, at its option, to foreclosure this Trust Deed subject to the rights of any lessee(s) of the
Property. Beneficiary’s failure to foreclose against any lessee shall not be asserted as a claim
against Beneficiary or as a defense against any claim by Beneficiary in any action or proceeding.
Beneficiary, at any time, may subordinate this Trust Deed to any or all of the lessees, except that
Beneficiary shall retain its priority claim to any condemnation or insurance proceeds.
6.9 Repairs During Redemption. In the event of a judicial foreclosure, the
purchaser during any redemption period may make such repairs and alterations to the Property as
may be reasonably necessary for the proper operation, care, preservation, protection and insuring
of the Property. Any sums so paid, together with interest from the date of the expenditure at the
rate provided in the judgment shall be added to the amount required to be paid for redemption of
the Property.
6.10 Event of Foreclosure. In the event of any judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure
sale, Beneficiary in its discretion may use a single notice covering both real estate and personal
property, designate the order of sale, and may elect to sell the real estate and personal property as
an integrated unit or separately. Any person permitted by law to do so may purchase at any sale.
6.1 1 Proceeds of Sale. Subject to the provisions of applicable law, the proceeds of
any sale under this Trust Deed will be applied first to payment of costs and expenses, then to
payment of security protection advances, then to payment of the other secured obligations (which
includes any applicable prepayment premium or fee) in any order that Beneficiary chooses, and
then to any other person or persons who may establish to the satisfaction of Beneficiary that they
are legally entitled to it.
6.12 Grantor’s Waiver of Rights Upon Sale. Grantor waives all rights to direct the
order and/or combinations in which any of the collateral will be sold, and also any right to have
any of the collateral marshaled upon any sale. Grantor acknowledges that there is no fiduciary
relationship between Grantor and Trustee or between Grantor and Beneficiary.
6.13 During Construction.
(a) Beneficiary shall have the right to take over and cause the Project to be
completed and, for that purpose, make disbursements from the undisbursed Loan funds. Any
Page 10 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership ——1/29/2008)

contract entered into or indebtedness incurred on the exercise of such right may be exercised by
Beneficiary in the name of Grantor, and Beneficiary is hereby irrevocably appointed attomey-in-
fact (the appointment being coupled with an interest) to enter into the contract, incur such
obligations, enforce contracts or loan agreements theretofore made by or on behalf of Grantor,
and to do any and all things necessary or proper to complete the work of construction, including
the signing of Grantor’s name to such contracts and documents as may be deemed necessary by
counsel for Beneficiary. In no event shall Beneficiary be required to use its own funds to
complete the Project if undisbursed Loan funds are insufficient, but Beneficiary may, at its
option, advance such funds. Any funds so advanced shall be payable to Beneficiary by Grantor
on demand together with interest thereon at the default rate under the Note and shall be secured
by this Trust Deed.
(b) Beneficiary shall have the right to suspend or terminate its obligation to make
further disbursement of Loan proceeds.
6.14 Interest on Default. If the unpaid principal balance is not paid in full on the
Maturity Date, the unpaid principal balance shall bear interest from the Maturity Date at the
Default Rate as such term is defined in the Loan Agreement.
6.15 Rights and Remedies Cumulative. All rights and remedies described in Section
6 are cumulative and in addition to any other remedy Beneficiary may have by agreement, at
law, or in equity. Partial exercise of any right or remedy shall not limit or restrict Beneficiary’s
subsequent exercise of such right or remedy nor shall it restrict Beneficiary’s contemporaneous
or subsequent exercise of any other right or remedy.
6.16 No Waiver. No failure of delay of Beneficiary in exercising any right hereunder
shall operate as a waiver of that right or any other right. No modification or waiver of any
provision of this Trust Deed or any other Loan Document shall be effective unless in writing,
and then only in specific instance and for the purpose given. No notice or demand on Grantor
shall entitle Grantor to any other notice or demand in other similar circumstances.
6.17 Payment of Costs of Collection. In case of a default, or in case litigation is
commenced to enforce or construe any term of this Trust Deed, the Note, or any other Loan
Document, the losing party will pay to the prevailing party such amounts as shall be sufficient to
cover the cost and expense of collection or enforcement, including, without limitation,
reasonable attorney fees and costs prior to and at any arbitration proceeding or at trial, on appeal,
or in any bankruptcy proceeding.
7. CONDEMNATION AND CASUALTY
7.1 Assignment of Proceeds. All compensation, awards, damages, rights of action,
and proceeds, including the proceeds of any insurance affecting the Property, arising out of any
taking or damage by reason of` any public or private improvement, condemnation proceeding,
zoning change or conveyance in lieu thereof, fire, earthquake or other casualty (collectively the
"Proceeds"), are hereby assigned to and shall be paid to Beneficiary, subject, however, to the
rights of the Senior Construction Lender under that certain Trust Deed in favor of Umpqua Bank
Page 11 ~ Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership -1/29/2008)

encumbering the Property and to which this Trust Deed is to be subordinated and to the rights of
the Senior Pennanent Lender under its deed of trust to be recorded against the Property. lf any
such Senior Lender elects to make all of the Proceeds available to Grantor for the repair or
restoration of the Property, Beneficiary shall also make any Proceeds (after deducting therefrom
all of its expenses, including attomey fees) paid to it available for such purpose, subject to
Beneficiary's customary restrictions relating to the disbursement thereof If` the Senior Lender
instead elects to apply some or all of the Proceeds to the satisfaction of Grantor's indebtedness to
the Senior Lender, Beneficiary may, after deducting therefrom all of its expenses, including
attorney fees, release any money received by it, apply the same on any obligations secured
hereby or apply the same to the repair or restoration of the Property as it may elect. Grantor
agrees to execute such further assignments to Beneficiary of any awards, damages, rights of
action and Proceeds as Beneficiary or Trustee may require. In the event any Proceeds are paid to
Grantor, such Proceeds shall promptly (within five (5) days of receipt thereof) be paid over to
Beneficiary for the purposes set forth in this paragraph. Notwithstanding the above, if the
Proceeds plus any additional funds of Grantor will permit the damaged or taken Improvements to
be replaced with Improvements of equal or greater value, then the Proceeds (less certain
administrative and legal costs of Beneficiary) shall be disbursed to Grantor through a
Beneficiary-controlled account to pay the cost of restoration of the Improvements, provided it is
economically and legally feasible to do so, in the reasonable judgment of Beneficiary.
7.2 Notification of Damage, Injury, Loss or Condemnation Proceedings. Grantor
shall immediately notify Beneficiary in writing if: (i) any damage occurs or any injury or loss is
sustained in the amount of $25,000 or more to all or part of the Property, or any action or
proceeding relating to any such damage, injury or loss is commenced; or (ii) any offer is made,
or any action or proceeding is commenced, which relates to any actual or proposed
condemnation or taking of all or part of the Property. lf Beneficiary chooses to do so, it may in
its own name appear in or prosecute any action or proceeding to enforce any cause of action
based on warranty, or for damage, injury or loss to all of part of the Property, and it may make
any compromise or settlement of the action or proceeding. Beneficiary, if it so chooses, may
participate in any action or proceeding relating to condemnation or taking of all or part of the
Property, and may join Grantor in adjusting any loss covered by insurance.
8. MISCELLANEOUS
8.1 Indemnification. Except as limited by Section 8.4, Grantor shall indemnify
Beneficiary against and hold it harmless from any and all liabilities, claims, losses, damages, or
expenses (including attorney fees) which Beneficiary may suffer or incur in connection with (a)
the breach of any representation or warranty made by Grantor under this Trust Deed, and (b)
Grantor's failure to perform any of its covenants or obligations under this Trust Deed. The
indemnity obligations of Grantor shall survive the reconveyance or foreclosure hereof.
8.2 Severability. If any of the provisions contained in this Trust Deed shall be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity of the remaining provisions in this
Trust Deed shall not be affected.
Page 12 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership -1/29/2008)

8.3 Attorney Fees. In the event suit or action is instituted to enforce or interpret any
of the terms of this Trust Deed, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable
attorney fees at trial, on any appeal and on any petition for review, in addition to all other sums
provided by law. Whether or not any court action is involved, all reasonable expenses incurred
by Beneficiary that are necessary at any time in Beneficiary's opinion for the protection of its
interest or the enforcement of its rights shall become a part of the obligations secured hereby and
shall bear interest from the date of expenditure until repaid at the default rate under the Note.
Expenses covered by this paragraph include (without limitation) the cost of searching records,
discovery deposition costs, obtaining title reports, surveyors’ reports, attorney opinions, title
insurance and fees for Trustee.
8.4(b) Recourse Provision The obligations under the Note, including the obligations
secured by this Trust Deed, are with recourse to the Grantor and any of its general partners or
managing members during the Construction Period. When the Permanent Loan Period begins,
notwithstanding any other provision of the Note or the Loan Agreement, but subject to the
qualifications set forth below in this Section, the obligation to pay the indebtedness evidenced by
or arising under the Note shall be nonrecourse as to Grantor and its partners or members except
as to their rights, if any, in the collateral described in this Trust Deed, and no personal judgment
may be obtained against Grantor or any of its partners or members; provided, however, that
Grantor and its general partners and managing members shall be personally liable for (a) failure
to pay taxes, assessments, or other charges which could result in liens (including construction
liens) against the collateral described in this Trust Deed, (b) retention by Grantor or its general
partner or managing members of any rental or other income or insurance or condemnation
proceeds arising with respect to such collateral which, under the terms of this Trust Deed, should
have been paid to Beneficiary, and (c) any liability or losses incurred by Beneficiary as a result
of any fraud or deceit by Grantor in connection with this Loan.
8.5 Assignment. Grantor may only assign its rights and obligations hereunder with
the written consent of Beneficiary; provided, however, that no assignment shall invalidate or
impair the effectiveness of this Trust Deed or the covenants contained herein.
8.6 Due on Sale or Transfer; No Change in Use.
(a) Any sale or transfer (or any attempted sale or transfer) of all or any part of, or
any interest in, the Land or the Project, or any beneficial interest in Grantor, without the prior
written consent of Beneficiary (which Beneficiary may grant, condition, or withhold in its sole
and absolute discretion) is prohibited, and upon any such prohibited sale or transfer, the Note and
all other indebtedness secured by this Trust Deed shall become immediately due and payable in
full. Except "sale or transfer" shall not include:
(i) a transfer to a general partner who is as of the date of the Note a
general partner of the partnership,
(ii) a transfer to a qualified nonprofit organization or government
agency pursuant to a ri ght-of-first refusal under IRC Section 42(i) (7), or
Page 13 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership —l/29/2008)

(iii) a transfer pursuant to a qualified contract under IRC section 42(h)
(6) (F)-
(iv) a transfer of the interest of a general partner of Grantor resulting
from the limited partner’s exercise of its removal rights pursuant to Grantor’s limited partnership
agreement as the same may be amended from time to time (the "Grantor's Limited Partnership
Agreement).
(v) a transfer of the interest of a limited partner of Grantor pursuant to
Grantor’s Limited Partnership Agreement.
As used herein, the term "sale or transfer" is used in its broadest sense, and
includes, with respect to the Land or Project, a ground lease, master lease or other lease not in
the ordinary course of business, land sale contract, foreclosure, deed in lieu of foreclosure, or
transfer (by operation of law or otherwise) pursuant to any dissolution, liquidation, merger,
reorganization or consolidation, and with respect to a beneficial interest in Grantor, a sale, gift or
other transfer of any partnership, stock, membership or other ownership interest in Grantor other
than a transfer upon death of the owner of such interest. Notwithstanding who is the holder of
the Note, Beneficiary reserves the right to approve a sale as described in this Section. Any
transferee shall be bound by the temis of this Trust Deed. Grantor shall notify Beneficiary of any
such transfer within 30 days.
(b) Grantor shall not change the use of the Property without Beneficiary's prior
written consent, which may be withheld or conditioned in Beneficiary's sole and absolute
discretion.
8.7 Time of Essence. Time is of the essence of each of Grantor’s obligations under
this Trust Deed.
8.8 Waivers by Grantor. Without affecting any of Grantor’s obligations under the
Loan Documents, Grantor waives the following: (a) any right to require Beneficiary to proceed
against any specific party liable to sums due under the Loan Documents or to proceed against or
exhaust any specific security for sums due under the Loan Documents; (b) notice of new or
additional indebtedness of any Grantor or any other party liable for sums due under the Loan
Documents to Beneficiary; (c) any defense arising out of Beneficiary entering into additional
financing or other arrangements with any Grantor or any other party liable for sums due under
the Loan Documents and any action taken by Beneficiary in connection with any such financing
or other arrangements or any pending financing or other arrangements; (d) any defense arising
out ofthe absence, impairment, or loss of any or all rights of recourse, reimbursement,
contribution or subrogation or any other rights or remedies of Beneficiary against any Grantor or
any other party liable for sums due under the Loan Documents or any Property; and (e) any
obligation of Beneficiary to see to the proper use and application of any proceeds advanced
pursuant to the Loan Documents.
8.9 Right of Subrogation. Beneficiary is subrogated to the rights, whether legal or
equitable, of all beneficiaries, mortgagees, lienholders and owners directly or indirectly paid off
Page 14 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership —l/29/2008)

or satisfied in whole or in part by any proceeds advanced by Beneficiary under the Loan
Documents, regardless of whether such parties assigned or released of record their rights or liens
upon payment.
8.10 Joint and Several Liability. If there is more than one Grantor of this Trust
Deed, their obligations shall be joint and several.
8.11 Statement of Amount Owing. Grantor within fifteen (15) days after request by
Beneficiary will furnish Beneficiary a written statement of the amount due under the Loan
Documents, any offsets or defenses against the amount claimed by Grantor, and such other
factual matters as Beneficiary may reasonably request.
8.12 Controlling Document. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the
terms and conditions of this Trust Deed and the terms and conditions of any other of the Loan
Documents (except for any separate assignment of the Rents and/or the Leases and any loan
agreement which shall prevail over this Trust Deed), the terms and conditions of this Trust Deed
shall prevail.
8.13 Notice. Any notice required or permitted under this Trust Deed shall be in
writing and shall be deemed effective: (1) when actually delivered in person, (2) one business
day after deposit with a commercial courier service for "next day" delivery, (3) two business
days after having been deposited in the United States mail as certified or registered mail, or (4)
when transmitted by facsimile (answer back or receipt confirmed), addressed to the parties as
follows:
To Grantor: Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership
The Commons Building
1200 - 112th Avenue N.E., Suite C-163
Bellevue, WA 98004
with a copy to: Shelter Resources Inc,
Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership
The Commons Building
1200 - l 12th Avenue N.E., Suite C-163
Bellevue, WA 98004
To Beneficiary: City of Lincoln City
Attn: Finance Department
P.O. Box 50
Lincoln City, Oregon 97367
Facsimile: (541) 996-1284
8.14 Subordination. It is anticipated that Beneficiary will subordinate this Trust Deed
to the Senior Lender’s loan documents. lf the Senior Lender requests Beneficiary to subordinate
its security interest to the Senior Lender’s loan documents and after Beneficiary’s approval of the
terms and conditions of the Senior Lender’s loan documents, Beneficiary shall execute such
Page 15 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership -1/29/2008)

subordination agreement or other documents as are necessary to evidence such subordination.
Beneficiary will not unreasonably withhold approval of the Senior Lender’s loan documents.
8.l5 Additional Provisions. This Trust Deed, the Note and the Loan Agreement are
also subject to the additional provisions set forth in attached Exhibit C.
8.16 Statutory Notice. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT
THE PERSON TRANSFERRING FEE TITLE SHOULD INQUIRE ABOUT THE PERSON’S
RIGHTS, IF ANY UNDER ORS 197 .352.THIS INSTRUMENT DOES NOT ALLOW USE OF
THE PROPERTY DESCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT IN VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE
LAND USE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS
INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON ACQUIRING FEE TITLE TO THE PROPERTY SHOULD
CHECK WITH THE APPROPRIATE CITY OR COUNTY PLANNING DEPARTMENT TO
VERIFY APPROVED USES [AND], TO DETERMINE ANY LIMITS ON LAWSUITS
AGAINST FARMING OR FOREST PRACTICES AS DEFINED IN ORS 30.930 AND TO
INQUIRE ABOUT THE RIGHTS OF NEIGHBORING PROPERTY OWNERS, IF ANY
UNDER ORS 197.352.
By signing below, Grantor accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained in
this Trust Deed and in any Exhibits attached hereto.
GRANTOR: BEACON CREST ASSOCIATES II LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
By: Shelter Resources, Inc.,
Managin G Wanner
By: 4   ZZ//%//1
· [ n Brannen, President
By: TimberRiver Development, Inc.,
Co-General Paryr y
By: /
Mark Roz ay, P n
STATE OF WASHINGTON )
) ss.
County of King )
This instrument was acknowledged before me on February  2008, by Len Brannen,
President of Shelter Resources, Inc., Managing Ge er l ' artner o Bea  n Crest Associates II
Limited Partnership on behalf of said partnersh' • A    L
tt v·   4
 magma,
No ar Public for \*' .
My c  mission expires:
Page 16 — Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership —l/29/2008)

STATE OF WASHINGTON )
) ss.
County of King )
This instrument was acknowledged before me on February 28; 2008, by Mark
Rozgay, President of TimberRiver Development, Inc., Co- General Partner of Beacon Crest
Associates II Limited Partnership on behalf of aid at   ip} { I /i»r
/ 0 "
.. dull!)
No ar  Pub ic r ‘ I 1
My  mmission expires: I   i     Q
Page 17 - Trust Deed (Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership -1/29/2008)

EXHIBIT A
Legal Descrigtion
Lot 32, PACIFIC RIM ESTATES, as recorded in Plat Book 15, Page 56, located in the NE 1/4
of the NW 1/4 of Section 2, Township 7 South, Range 11 West of the Willamette Meridian, in
the City of Lincoln City, Lincoln County, Oregon.
A-1

EXHIBIT B
Permitted Exceptions in addition to those already specified in Section 2.1
1. Regulations, including the power to acquire rights of way and easements, and to levy
assessments of the Devil's Lake Water Improvement District. (No amounts due as of date
of policy)
2. Subject property is either situated within the urban renewal boundaries or within the
shared area of the Year 2000 Development Plan, Lincoln City, Oregon and is subject to
the terms and provisions thereof, as outlined by instrument,
Recorded: March 20, 1989
Document No.: Book: 202 Page: 1261
Amended by instrument.
Recorded: December 8, 1989
Document No.: Book: 211 Page: 1675
3. Easements and reservation as set forth on the recorded plat of Pacific Rim Estates,
Recorded in Plat Book 15, Page 56, as follows:
a. 12‘ Sanitary and Stomi Drain Easements
4. Covenants, conditions, easements and restrictions, including the terms and provisions
thereof, but omitting restrictions, if any, based on race, color, religion, national origin and
mental or physical handicap, imposed by instrument,
Recorded: October 2, 1995 Book: 306 Page: 1719
5. Dues and/or assessments of the Pacific Rim Estates Homeowner’s Association as
provided for in the Declaration of Restrictions
Recorded: October 2, 1995 Book: 306 Page: 1719
(All amounts current as of date of policy)
6. An easement with maintenance provisions created by instrument, including the terms and
provisions thereof,
Dated: January 13, 2003
Recorded: March 6, 2003
Document No.: 200303525, Microfilm Records
In favor of: Lot 33 Pacific Rim Estates
For: fence and landscape
B-l

7. Trust Deed to secure an indebtedness in the amount shown below, and any other
obligations secured thereby:
Amount: $3,800,000.00
Dated: December 28, 2007
Recorded: January 25, 2008
Document No.: 2008-00949, Lincoln County Records
Grantor: Beacon Crest Associates II Limited Partnership,
an Oregon limited partnership
Trustee: Western Title & Escrow Company
Beneficiary: Umpqua Bank
8. Assignment of Rents and Leases,
Dated: December 28, 2007
Recorded: January 25, 2008
Document No.: 2008-00950, Lincoln County Records
From: Beacon Crest Associates II Limited
Partnership, an Oregon limited partnership
To: Umpqua Bank given as additional security to the Trust Deed,
Recorded: January 28, 2008
Document No.: 2008-00949, Lincoln County Records
9. Financing Statement
Recorded: January 28, 2008
Document No.: 200800961, Lincoln County Records
From: Beacon Crest Associates Limited Partnership
To: Umpqua Bank
10. Trust Deed to secure an indebtedness in the amount shown below, and any other
obligations secured thereby:
Amount: $65,000.00
Dated: May 2, 2006
Recorded: May 15, 2006
Document No.: 200607318
Grantor: Beacon Crest Associates L.P.
Trustee: Western Title and Escrow Company
Beneficiary: State of Oregon, by and through it's the Housing and
Community Services Department
1 1. Housing Development Grant Program Project Use Agreement, including the terms and
provisions thereof,
Dated: May 2, 2006
Recorded: May 24, 2006
Document No.: 200607832
Between: Beacon Crest Associates L.P.
And: Oregon Housing and Community Services
B-2

12. Deed of Trust, Line of Credit Deed of Trust, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement,
and Fixture Filing to secure an indebtedness in the amount shown below, and any other
obligations secured thereby:
Amount: $453,400.00
Dated: June 27, 2007
Recorded: August 28, 2007
Document No.: 200712375.3, Microfilm Records
Grantor: Beacon Crest Associates Limited Partnership
Trustee: Western Title & Escrow Company
Beneficiary: The State of Oregon, acting by and through its Housing and
Community Services Department
13. Regulatory Agreement, Declaration of Restrictive Covenants and Equitable Servitudes,
including the terms and provisions thereof,
Dated: July 9, 2007
Recorded: August 28, 2007
Document No.: 200712376, Microfilm Records
Between: Beacon Crest Associates Limited Partnership, an Oregon limited
partnership
And: the State of Oregon acting by and through its Housing
and Community Services Department
14. Loan and Project Use Agreement, Declaration of Restrictive Covenants and Equitable
Servitude, (Low Income Weatherization Grant Program), including the terms and
provisions thereof,
Dated: June 22, 2007
Recorded: August 28, 2007
Document No.: 200712377, Microfilm Records
Between: Beacon Crest Associates Limited Partnership
And: State of Oregon, acting by and through its Housing and
Community Services Department
15. Trust Deed to secure an indebtedness in the amount shown below, and any other
obligations secured thereby:
Amount: $39,331.00
Dated: June 22, 2007
Recorded: August 28, 2007
Document No.: 200712378, Microfilm Records
Grantor: Beacon Crest Associates Limited Partnership
Trustee: Western Title & Escrow Company
Beneficiary: State of Oregon, by and through its the Housing and
Community Services Department
The lien of the above Financing Documents in favor of the State of Oregon, were
subordinated to the lien of the Trust Deed insured herein, by instrument
Recorded: January 25, 2008
Document No.: 2008—00948, Lincoln County Records
B-3

EXHIBIT C
Additional Provisions
This Addendum to the Trust Deed is between the Grantor and Beneficiary of the Trust Deed.
For purposes of this Addendum, the term "Administrative Limited Partner" shall mean Alliant
Credit Facility ALP, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, and its successors and/or assigns,
and the term "Investor Limited Partner" shall mean Alliant Credit Facility, Ltd., a Florida limited
partnership, and its successors and/or assigns.
The terms of this Addendum modifies or supplements, as the case might be, the Trust Deed and
the Note and Loan Agreement as such terms are defined in the Trust Deed. The Loan
Agreement, Note and Trust Deed are sometimes referred to herein as the "Loan Documents."
The Loan Documents are hereby amended as follows:
l. Removal of General Partner. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in the Loan Documents, the withdrawal, removal and/or replacement of Grantor's general
partner(s) for cause in accordance with Grantor's Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
Partnership shall not require the consent of the Beneficiary and shall not constitute a default
under any of the Loan Documents or accelerate the maturity ofthe Loan. If the Administrative
Limited Partner of Grantor exercises its right to remove a general partner thereof] Beneficiary
shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to consent to the substitute general partner; provided
that if the Administrative Limited Partner designates itself as substitute general partner in
accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement, Beneficiary consent to such
substitution shall not be required. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the substitute general partner
shall assume all of the rights and obligations of the removed general partner under all of the
Loan Documents.
2. Assignment of Limited Partner Interests. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in the Loan Documents, the respective interests of Grantor's Administrative
Limited Partner and Investor Limited Partner shall be transferable to any affiliate of Alliant
Capital, Ltd., without the consent of the Beneficiary. The respective interests of Grantor's
Administrative Limited Partner and Investor Limited Partner shall be transferable to a non-
affiliate of Alliant Capital, Ltd. (other than CitiCorp USA, Inc. "CitiCo1p"), with the consent of
the Beneficiary, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Beneficiary hereby
acknowledges that the respective interests of Grantor's Administrative Limited Partner and
Grantor's Investor Limited Partner may be transferred to CitiCorp, a non-affiliate of Grantor's
limited partners, and Beneficiary hereby consents to the assignment so long as such assignment
provides that CitiCorp accepts the limited partnership interest and agrees to be bound by the
terms of the Partnership Agreement. Any subsequent assignment by Citicorp will require the
written consent of Beneficiary; provided however, no Beneficiary consent shall be required (i) if
the proposed assignee or transferee has the financial ability to fulfill the obligations of the
limited partners under the Partnership Agreement and (ii) if the proposed assignee or transferee
has experience in low income housing tax credit transactions, similar to that contemplated by the
Partnership Agreement.
3. Monetary Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the
Loan Documents, if a monetary event of default occurs under the terms of any of the Loan
Documents, prior to exercising any remedies thereunder, Beneficiary shall give Grantor and the
C—1

Administrative Limited Partner of Grantor simultaneous written notice of such default. Grantor
shall have a period often (10) days after receipt of such notice, or such longer period of time as
may be set forth in the Loan Documents, to cure the default prior to exercise of remedies by
Beneficiary under the Loan Documents.
4. Non-Monetary Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
the Loan Documents, if a non-monetary event of default occurs under the terms of any of the
Loan Documents, prior to exercising any remedies thereunder, Beneficiary shall give Grantor
and the Administrative Limited Partner of Grantor simultaneous written notice of such default.
If the default is reasonably capable of being cured within forty-five (45) days, Grantor shall have
such period to effect a cure prior to exercise of remedies by Beneficiary under the Loan
Documents, or such longer period of time as may be specified in the Loan Documents. If the
default is such that it is not reasonably capable of being cured within forty-five (45) days (or
such longer period if so specified), and if Grantor (a) initiate corrective action within said
period, and (b) diligently, continually, and in good faith works to effect a cure as soon as
possible, then Grantor shall have such additional time as is reasonably necessary to cure the
default prior to the exercise of any remedies by Beneficiary.
5. Notice and Cure Rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
the Loan Documents, Beneficiary hereby agrees that any cure of any default made or tendered
by the Administrative Limited Partner of Grantor and/or the Investor Limited Partner of Grantor
shall be deemed to be a cure by Grantor and shall be accepted or rejected on the same basis as if
made or tendered by Grantor. Copies of all notices which are sent to Grantor under the terms of
the Loan Documents shall also be sent to the Administrative Limited Partner of Grantor c/o
Alliant Asset Management Company, LLC at 21600 Oxnard Street, Suite 1200, Woodland Hills,
Califomia 91367, Attn: Shawn Horwitz.
6. Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in the Loan Documents, in the event of any fire or other casualty to the Proj ect or
eminent domain proceedings resulting in condemnation of the Proj ect, or any part thereof,
Grantor and Grantor shall have the right to rebuild the Project, and to use all available insurance
or condemnation proceeds therefore, provided that (a) such proceeds are sufficient to keep the
Loan in balance and rebuild the Project in a mamier that provides adequate security to
Beneficiary for repayment of the Loan, or if such proceeds are insufficient then Grantor shall
have funded any deficiency, (b) Beneficiary shall have the right to approve plans and
specifications for any major rebuilding and the right to approve disbursements of insurance or
condemnation proceeds for rebuilding under a construction escrow or similar arrangement, and
(c) no continuing material default then exists by Grantor under the Loan Documents. If the
casualty or condemnation affects only part of the Project and total rebuilding is infeasible, then
proceeds may be used for partial rebuilding and partial repayment of the Loan in a manner that
provides adequate security to Beneficiary for repayment of the remaining balance of the Loan.
7. Purchase Option/First Refusal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in the Loan Documents, the execution and delivery of a purchase option agreement
shall not constitute a default under the Loan Documents or accelerate the maturity of the Loan
thereunder. Any requisite consent of Beneficiary to (a) the exercise of such purchase option
agreement by the optionee thereunder and (b) the assumption without penalty of the Loan
obligations by the optionee thereunder, and the release of Grantor from such obligations, shall
not be unreasonably withheld. Subj ect to any such consent requirement, the exercise of the
rights under such purchase option agreement shall not constitute a default or accelerate the
maturity of the Loan.
C-2

8. Extended Use Agreement. Beneficiary acknowledges that Grantor and Oregon
Housing and Community Services (the "Credit Agency") intend to enter into an extended use
agreement, which constitutes the extended low-income housing commitment described in
Section 42(h)(6)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the "Code"). As of the date
hereof Code Section 42(h)(6)(E)(ii) does not permit the eviction or termination of tenancy (other
than for good cause) of an existing tenant of any low-income unit or any increase in the gross
rent with respect to such unit not otherwise permitted under Code Section 42 for a period of
three (3) years after the date the building is acquired by foreclosure or by instrument in lieu of
foreclosure. In the event the extended use agreement required by the Credit Agency is recorded
against the Property, the Beneficiary agrees to comply with the provisions set forth in Code
Section 42(h)(6)(E)(ii).
9. Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency or conflict between the
covenants, terms and conditions of any of the Loan Documents and this Addendum, the
covenants, terms and conditions of this Addendum shall control.
l0. Survival. Except to the extent expressly modified, supplemented or amended in
this Addendum, the Loan Documents remain in full force and effect.
# 4958073_v2
C—3

