STATE OF OREGON
_ · · _ . C0unty of Lincoln } ss" Z Pages
_ I, Dana W. Jenkins, Coun Clerk, i ‘
certify that the within inténrument ning; :gL§$gdC?gpt¥eg§rg6rggdI
. . recorded In the Book of Records of said county at Newport Ore on
_ WITNESS my hand and seal of said office affixed. ' g `
    °°“" M,
DANA W. JEN , incoln County Clerk °`\ ° " O"
  ·*·*  
- ~ om; : zmmerzlzizss  
Rect: 802760 56.00  
Wh€nr€cOl_d€dInailtO: Q14/U17/2008 l?l9:29:36am *`*~»,,,,,,,,,,¤¤"
I};"2R`;S'TA/WERICAN TITLE INSURANCE
* DERS AD VAN TA GE
  SUPERIOR A VENUE, SUITE 200
VELAND, OHIO 44114
ATTN: FTI120
DEED OF TRUST
. , BORROWER =‘ . ° GRANTOR
JON B. DAVIS JON B. DAVIS HUSBAND
DARLENE D. DAVIS DARLENE DORRE; DAVIS WIFE
ALA rlcrw $3 Dotvls
· — , ADDRESS I-,   " " A     ADDRESS
12541 SE GUILFORD DR 944 SE JETIY AVE
MILWAUKIE, OR 97222 LINCOLN CITY, OR 97367
TELEPHONE No. IDENTIFICATION No. .TEI.EI=•i-lou: NO. _ i . IDENTIFICATION No.
TRUSTEE: IR  T N'7 •” •i· I ' " 7 \ l WN" "• * · Y • •* " `• 
200 SW MARKET ST SUITE 250
PORTLAND  R ’ 72 01
BENEF|CIARY:K€ Ba National Assoc iat; ion
P   Box 1g430
Boise, ID 3715
In consideration of the loan or other credit accommodation hereinafter specified and any future advances or future Obligations, as defined herein,
which may hereafter be advanced or incurred and the trust hereinafter mentioned and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Grantor hereby irrevocably bargains, sells, transfers, grants, conveys and assigns to Trustee, his
successors and assigns, in trust,  
4910 Tiedeman Road, Suite B, Brooklyg, Ohio 44144 (··|_€ndS.···), the
beneficiary under this Deed of Trust, with power of sale and right of entry and possession all of Grantor’s present and future estate, right, title and
interest in and to the real property described in Schedule A which is attached to this Deed of Trust and incorporated herein by this reference, with a
Tax Account Number of , together with all present and future improvements and fixtures; all tangible personal property,
including, without limitation, all machinery, equipment, building materials, and goods of every nature (excluding household goods) now or hereafter
located on or used in connection with the real property, whether or not affixed to the land; all privileges, hereditaments, and appurtenances, including
all development rights associated with the real property, whether previously or subsequently transferred to the real property from other real property
or now or hereafter susceptible of transfer from this real property to other real property; all leases, licenses and other agreements; all rents, issues
and profits; all water, well, ditch, reservoir and mineral rights and stocks pertaining to the real property (cumulatively "Property"); to have and to hold
the Property and the rights hereby granted for the use and benefit of Trustee, his successors and assigns, until payment in full of all Obligations
secured hereb .
Moreover,   further consideration, Grantor does, for Grantor and Grantor’s heirs, representatives, successors, and assigns, hereby expressly
warrant, covenant, and agree with Lender and Trustee and their successors and assigns as follows:
1. OBLIGATIONS. This Deed of Trust shall secure the payment and performance of all present and future indebtedness, liabilities, obligations and
covenants of Borrower or Grantor (cumulatively "Obligations") to Lender pursuant to:
(a) this Deed of Trust and the following promissory notes and other agreements:
INTEREST PRINCIPAL AMOUNT ‘ I FUNDING _ MATURITY · CUSTOMER LOAN
RATE . A CREDIT LIMIT AGREEMENT DATE DATE NUMBER; NUMBER
7.890% $50,000.00 10/16/07 11/05/37 072821759280C 3720024441518
I
(b) all other present or future written agreements with Lender that refer specifically to this Deed of Trust (whether executed for the same or
different purposes than the foregoing);
(c) any guaranty of obligations of other parties given to Lender now or hereafter executed that refers to this Deed of Trust;
(d) all repeated amendments, extensions, renewals, modifications, replacements or substitutions to any of the foregoing.
As used in this Paragraph 1, the terms Grantor and Borrower shall include and also mean any Grantor or Borrower if more than one.
2. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS. Grantor represents, warrants and covenants to Lender that:
(a) Grantor has fee simple marketable title to the Property and shall maintain the Property free of all liens, security interests, encumbrances and
claims except for this Deed of Trust and those described in Schedule B, which is attached to this Deed of Trust and incorporated herein by
reference, which Grantor agrees to pay and perform in a timely manner;
(b) Grantor is in compliance in all respects with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations, including, without limitation, those
relating to "Hazardous Materials," as defined herein, and other environmental matters (the "Environmental Laws"), and neither the federal
government nor the state where the Property is located nor the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality or any other governmental or quasi
governmental entity has filed a lien on the Property, nor are there any governmental, judicial or administrative actions with respect to
environmental matters pending, or to the best of the Grantor’s knowledge, threatened, which involve the Property. Neither Grantor nor, to the
best of Grantor’s knowledge, any other party has used, generated, released, discharged, stored, or disposed of any Hazardous Materials as
defined herein, in connection with the Property or transported any Hazardous Materials to or from the Property. Grantor shall not commit or
permit such actions to be taken in the future. The term "Hazardous Materials" shall mean any substance, material, or waste which is or becomes
regulated by any governmental authority including, but not limited to: (i) petroleum; (ii) friable or nonfriable asbestos; (iii) polychlorinated
biphenyls; (iv) those substances, materials or wastes designated as a "hazardous substance" pursuant to Section 311 of the Clean Water Act or
listed pursuant to Section 307 of the Clean Water Act or any amendments or replacements to these statutes; (v) those substances, materials or
wastes defined as a "hazardous waste" pursuant to Section 1004 of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act or any amendments or
replacements to that statute; and (vi) those substances, materials or wastes defined as a "hazardous substance" pursuant to Section 101 of the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, or any amendments or replacements to that statute or any other
similar state or federal statute, rule, regulation or ordinance now or hereafter in effect. Grantor shall not lease or permit the sublease of the
Property to a tenant or subtenant whose operations may result in contamination ofthe Property with Hazardous Materials or toxic substances;
(c) All applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 12101 et seq. (and all
regulations promulgated thereunder) and all zoning and building laws and regulations relating to the Property by virtue of any federal, state or
local authority with jurisdiction over the Property, presently are and shall be observed and complied with in all material respects, and all rights,
licenses, permits, and certificates of occupancy (including but not limited to zoning variances, special exceptions for nonconforming uses, and
final inspection approvals), whether temporary or permanent, which are material to the use and occupancy of the Property, presently are and
shall be obtained, preserved and, where necessary, renewed;
.PC>Fl511 ® Harland Financial Solutions, Inc. (7/10/02) (800) 937-3799 Page 1 of 5 

(d) Grantor has the right and is duly authorized to execute and perform its Obligations under this Deed of Trust and these actions do not and
shall not conflict with the provisions of any statute, regulation, ordinance, rule of law, contract or other agreement which may be binding on
Grantor at any time; _
(e) No action or proceeding is or shall be pending or threatened which might materially affect the Property; and
(f) Grantor has not violated and shall not violate any statute, regulation, ordinance, rule of law, contract or other agreement (including, but not
limited to, those governing Hazardous Materials) which might materially affect the Property or Lender‘s rights or interest in the Property pursuant
to this Deed of Trust.
3. PRIOR DEEDS OF TRUST. Grantor represents and warrants that there are no prior deeds of trust affecting any part ofthe Property except as set .
forth on Schedule B attached to this Deed of Trust, which Grantor agrees to pay and perform in a timely manner. If there are any prior deeds of trust
then Grantor agrees to pay all amounts owed, and perform all obligations required, under such deeds of trust and the indebtedness secured thereby
and further agrees that a default under any prior deed of trust shall be a default under this Deed of Trust and shall entitle Lender to all rights and
remedies contained herein or in the Obligations to which Lender would be entitled in the event of any other default.
4. TRANSFERS OF THE PROPERTY OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN GRANTORS OR BORROWERS. In the event of a sale, conveyance, lease,
contract for deed or transfer to any person of all or any part of the real property described in Schedule A, or any interest therein, or of all or any
beneficial interest in Borrower or Grantor (if Borrower or Grantor is not a natural person or persons but is a corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, trust, or other legal entity), Lender may, at its option, declare the outstanding principal balance of the Obligations plus accrued interest
thereon immediately due and payable, or, at Lender’s sole option, Lender may consent to said conveyance in writing and may increase the interest
rate of this Deed of Trust to the interest rate which Lender would then commit to make a first mortgage loan of similar character with similar security,
as determined by Lender in its sole discretion, or compensate Lender for such increased risk resulting from the breach of the foregoing covenants. At
Lender‘s request, Grantor or Borrower, as the case may be, shall furnish a complete statement setting forth all of its stockholders, members, or
partners, as appropriate, and the extent of their respective ownership interests.
5. ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS. In consideration of the Obligations which are secured by this Deed of Trust, Grantor absolutely assigns to Lender all
Grantor's estate, right, title, interest, claim and demand now owned or hereafter acquired in all existing and future leases of the Property (including
extensions, renewals and subleases), all agreements for use and occupancy of the Property (all such leases and agreements whether written or oral,
are hereafter referred to as the "Leases"), and all guaranties of lessees' performance under the Leases, together with the immediate and continuing
right to collect and receive all of the rents, income, receipts, revenues, issues, profits and other income of any nature now or hereafter due (including
any income of any nature coming due during any redemption period) under the Leases or from or arising out of the Property, including minimum
rents, additional rents, percentage rents, parking or common area maintenance contributions, tax and insurance contributions, deficiency rents,
liquidated damages following default in any Lease, all proceeds payable under any policy of insurance covering loss of rents resulting from
untenantability caused by destruction or damage to the Property, all proceeds payable as a result of a Iessee‘s exercise of an option to purchase the
Property, all proceeds derived from the termination or rejection of any Lease in a bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding, and all proceeds from
any rights and claims of any kind which Grantor may have against any lessee under the Leases or any occupants of the Property (all of the above are
hereafter collectively referred to as the "Rents"). This assignment is subject to the right, power and authority given to the Lender to collect and apply
the Rents. This assignment is recorded in accordance with applicable state law; the lien created by this assignment is intended to be a present,
perfected, and choate lien upon the recording of this Deed of Trust, pursuant to ORS 93.806. As long as there is no default under the Obligations or
this Deed of Trust, Lender grants Grantor a revocable license to collect all Rents from the Leases when due and to use such proceeds in Grantor's
business operations. However, Lender may at any time require Grantor to deposit all Rents into an account maintained by Grantor or Lender at
Lender‘s institution. Upon default in the payment of, or in the performance of, any of the Obligations, Lender may at its option take possession of the
Property and have, hold, manage, lease and operate the Property on terms and for a period of time that Lender deems proper. Lender may proceed
to collect and receive all Rents from the property, and Lender shall have full power to make alterations, renovations, repairs or replacements to the
Property as Lender may deem proper. Lender may apply all Rents in Lender's sole discretion to payment ofthe Obligations or to the payment of the
cost of such alterations, renovations, repairs and replacements and any expenses incident to taking and retaining possession of the Property
periodically and the management and operation of the Property. Lender may keep the Property properly insured and may discharge any taxes,
charges, claims, assessments and other liens which may accrue. The expense and cost of these actions may be paid from the Rents received, and
any unpaid amounts shall be added to the principal of the Obligations. These amounts, together with other costs, shall become part of the
Obligations secured by this Deed of Trust.
6. LEASES AND OTHER AGREEMENTS. Grantor shall not take or fail to take any action which may cause or permit the termination or the
withholding of any payment in connection with any Lease pertaining to the Property. In addition, Grantor, without Lender‘s prior written consent, shall
not: (a) collect any monies payable under any Lease more than one month in advance; (b) modify any Lease; (c) assign or allow a lien, security
interest or other encumbrance to be placed upon Grantor's rights, title and interest in and to any Lease or the amounts payable thereunder; or (d)
terminate or cancel any Lease except for the nonpayment of any sum or other material breach by the other party thereto. If Grantor receives at any
time any written communication asserting a default by Grantor under a Lease or purporting to terminate or cancel any Lease, Grantor shall promptly
forward a copy of such communication (and any subsequent communications relating thereto) to Lender. All such Leases and the amounts due to
Grantor thereunder are hereby assigned to Lender as additional security for the Obligations.
7. COLLECTION OF INDEBTEDNESS FROM THIRD PARTY. Lender shall be entitled to notify or require Grantor to notify any third party (including,
but not limited to, lessees, licensees, governmental authorities and insurance companies) to pay Lender any indebtedness or obligation owing to
Grantor with respect to the Property (cumulatively "Indebtedness") whether or not a default exists under this Deed of Trust. Grantor shall diligently
collect the Indebtedness owing to Grantor from these third parties until the giving of such notification. In the event that Grantor possesses or receives
possession of any instruments or other remittances with respect to the Indebtedness following the giving of such notification or if the instruments or
other remittances constitute the prepayment of any Indebtedness or the payment of any insurance or condemnation proceeds, Grantor shall hold
such instruments and other remittances in trust for Lender apart from its other property, endorse the instruments and other remittances to Lender,
and immediately provide Lender with possession of the instruments and other remittances. Lender shall be entitled, but not required, to collect (by
legal proceedings or otherwise), extend the time for payment, compromise, exchange or release any obligor or collateral, or otherwise settle any of
the Indebtedness whether or not an Event of Default exists under this Deed of Trust. Lender shall not be liable to Grantor for any action, error,
mistake, omission or delay pertaining to the actions described in this paragraph or any damages resulting therefrom. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing herein shall cause Lender to be deemed a mortgagee-in-possession.
8. USE AND MAINTENANCE OF PROPERTY. Grantor shall take all actions and make any repairs needed to maintain the Property in good
condition. Grantor shall not commit or permit any waste to be committed with respect to the Property. Grantor shall use the Property solely in
compliance with applicable law and insurance policies. Grantor shall not make any alterations, additions or improvements to the Property without
Lender's prior written consent. Vlhthout limiting the foregoing, all alterations, additions and improvements made to the Property shall be subject to
the beneficial interest belonging to Lender, shall not be removed without Lencler’s prior written consent, and shall be made at Grantor's sole expense.
9. LOSS OR DAMAGE. Grantor shall bear the entire risk of any loss, theft, destruction or damage (cumulatively "Loss or Damage") to the Property or
any portion thereof from any cause whatsoever. In the event of any Loss or Damage, Grantor shall, at the option of Lender, repair the affected
Property to its previous condition or pay or cause to be paid to Lender the decrease in the fair market value of the affected Property.
10. INSURANCE. The Property will be kept insured for its full insurable value (replacement cost) against all hazards including loss or damage
caused by flood, earthquake, tornado and fire, theft or other casualty to the extent required by Lender. Grantor may obtain insurance on the Property
from such companies as are acceptable to Lender in its sole discretion. The insurance policies shall require the insurance company to provide
Lender with at least ._.3.C  days' written notice before such policies are altered or cancelled in any manner. The insurance policies shall
name Lender as a loss payee and provide that no act or omission of Grantor or any other person shall affect the right of Lender to be paid the
insurance proceeds pertaining to the loss or damage of the Property. In the event Grantor fails to acquire or maintain insurance, Lender (after
providing notice as may be required by law) may in its discretion procure appropriate insurance coverage upon the Property and the insurance cost
shall be an advance payable and bearing interest as described in Paragraph 22 and secured hereby. Grantor shall furnish Lender with evidence of
insurance indicating the required coverage. Lender may act as attorney-in-fact for Grantor in making and settling claims under insurance policies,
cancelling any policy or endorsing Grantor's name on any draft or negotiable instrument drawn by any insurer. All such insurance policies shall be
immediately assigned, pledged and delivered to Lender as further security for the Obligations. In the event of loss, Grantor shall immediately give
Lender written notice and Lender is authorized to make proof of loss. Each insurance company is directed to make payments directly to Lender
instead of to Lender and Grantor. Lender shall have the right, at its sole option, to apply such monies toward the Obligations or toward the cost of
rebuilding and restoring the Property. Any amounts may at Lender's option be applied in the inverse order of the due dates thereof.
11. ZONING AND PRIVATE COVENANTS. Grantor shall not initiate or consent to any change in the zoning provisions or private covenants affecting
the use of the Property without Lender's prior written consent. If Grantor’s use ofthe Property is or becomes a nonconforming use under any zoning
provision, Grantor shall not cause or permit such use to be discontinued or abandoned without the prior written consent of Lender. Grantor will
immediately provide Lender with written notice of any proposed changes to the zoning provisions or private covenants affecting the Property.
12. CONDEMNATION. Grantor shall immediately provide Lender with written notice of any actual or threatened condemnation or eminent domain
proceeding pertaining to the Property. All monies payable to Grantor from such condemnation or taking are hereby assigned to Lender and shall be
applied first to the payment of Lender's attorneys’ fees, legal expenses and other costs (including appraisal fees) in connection with the
gondemnation or eminent domain proceedings and then, at the option of Lender, to the payment of the Obligations or the restoration or repair of the
roperty.
13. LENDER’S RIGHT TO COMMENCE OR DEFEND LEGAL ACTIONS. Grantor shall immediately provide Lender with written notice of any actual
or threatened action, suit, or other proceeding affecting the Property. Grantor hereby appoints Lender as its attorney-in-fact to commence, intervene
in, and defend such actions, suits, or other legal proceedings and to compromise or settle any claim or controversy pertaining thereto. Lender shall
not be liable to Grantor for any action, error, mistake, omission or delay pertaining to the actions described in this paragraph or any damages
resulting therefrom. Nothing contained herein will prevent Lender from taking the actions described in this paragraph in its own name.
LPOR511B ® Harland Financial Solutions, Inc. (7/10/02) (600) 937-3799 page 2 of 5

15. TAXES AND ASSESSMENTS. Grantor shall pay all taxes and assessments relating to the Property when due and immediately provide Lender
evidence of payment of same. Upon the request of Lender, Grantor shall deposit with Lender each month one-tvvelfth (1 /12) of the estimated annual
insurance premium, taxes and assessments pertaining to the Property. So long as there is no default, these amounts shall be applied to the payment
of taxes, assessments and insurance as required on the Property. ln the event of default, Lender shall have the right, at its sole option, to apply the
funds so held to pay any taxes or against the Obligations. Any funds applied may, at Lender’s option, be applied in reverse order of the due date
thereof.
16. INSPECTION OF PROPERTY, BOOKS, RECORDS AND REPORTS. Grantor shall allow Lender or its agents to examine and inspect the
Property and examine, inspect and make copies of Grantor's books and records pertaining to the Property from time to time. Grantor shall provide
any assistance required by Lender for these purposes. All of the signatures and information contained in Grantor's books and records shall be
genuine, true, accurate and complete in all respects. Grantor shall note the existence of Lender‘s beneficial interest in its books and records
pertaining to the Property. Additionally, Grantor shall report, in a form satisfactory to Lender, such information as Lender may request regarding
Grantor‘s financial condition or the Property. The information shall be for such periods, shalh reflect Grantor's records at such time, and shall be
rendered with such frequency as Lender may designate. All information furnished by Grantor to Lender shall be true, accurate and complete in all
respects, and signed by Grantor if Lender requests. I
17. ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES. Vwthin ten (10) days after any request by Lender, Grantor shall deliver to Lender, or any intended transferee of
Lender‘s rights with respect to the Obligations, a signed and acknowledged statement specifying (a) the outstanding balance on the Obligations; and
(b) whether Grantor possesses any claims, defenses, set-offs or counterclaims with respect to the Obligations and, if so, the nature of such claims,
defenses, set-offs or counterclaims. Grantor will be conclusively bound by any representation that Lender may make to the intended transferee with
respect to these matters in the event that Grantor fails to provide the requested statement in a timely manner.
18. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. An Event of Default shall occur under this Deed of Trust and the Trustee’s power shall become operative in the event that
Grantor, Borrower or any guarantor of any Obligation:
(a) commits fraud or makes a material misrepresentation at any time in connection with the Obligations or this Deed of Trust;
(b) fails to meet the repayment terms of the Obligations for any outstanding balance; or l
(c) by any action or inaction, adversely affects the Property, or any right of Lender in such jProperty, including, but not limited to, transfer of title
to or sale of the Property without the permission of Lender, failure to maintain required insurance or to pay taxes on the Property, allowing the
filing of a lien senior to that held by Lender, death of the sole Borrower obligated under the Obligations, allowing the taking of the Property
through eminent domain, or allowing the Property to be foreclosed by a Iienholder other than Lender. ln addition, an Event of Default shall
occur if, as a result of any of the following, the property, or any right of the Lender in the Property, is adversely affected: the Borrower, Grantor
or any guarantor of any Obligation commits waste or otherwise destructlvely uses or fails to maintain the Property, uses the property in an illegal
manner which may subject the Property to seizure, or moves from the Property; a judgment is filed against the Borrower, Grantor or any
guarantor of any Obligation; or one of two Borrowers obligated under the Obligations dies.
19. RIGHTS OF LENDER ON EVENT OF DEFAULT. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under this Deed of Trust, Lender shall be entitled to
exercise one or more of the following remedies without notice or demand (except as required byglaw):
(a) to declare the Obligations immediately due and payable in full, such acceleration shall be automatic and immediate if the Event of Default is
a filing under the Bankruptcy Code;
(b) to collect the outstanding Obligations with or without resorting to judicial process;
(c) to require Grantor to deliver and rnake available to Lender any personal property or Chattels constituting the Property at a place reasonably
convenient to Grantor and Lender; ~
(d) to enter upon and take possession of the Property without applying for or obtaining thelappointment of a receiver;
(e) to employ a managing agent of the Property and let the same, either in Trustee’s own name, in the name of Lender or in the name of
Grantor, and receive the rents, incomes, issues and profits of the Property and apply the same, after payment of all necessary charges and
expenses, on account of the Obligations;
(f) to pay any sums in any form or manner deemed expedient by Lender to protect the security of this Deed of Trust or to cure any default other
than payment of interest or principal on the Obligations; ‘
(g) to foreclose this Deed of Trust judicially or nonjudicially;
(h) to set-off Grantor's Obligations against any amounts owed Grantor by Lender including, but not limited to, monies, instruments, and deposit
accounts maintained with Lender or any currently existing or future affiliate of Lender; and
(i) to exercise all other rights available to Lender under any other written agreement or applicable law.
Lender‘s rights are cumulative and may be exercised together, separately, and in any order. ln the event that Lender institutes an action seeking the
recovery of any of the Property by way of a prejudgment remedy in an action against Grantor, Grantor waives the posting of any bond which might
otherwise be required. The Property or any part thereof may be sold in one parcel, or in such parcels, manner or order as Lender in its sole discretion
may elect, and one or more exercises of the power herein granted shall not extinguish or exhaust the power unless the entire Property is sold or the
Obligations are paid in full.
20. SECURITY INTEREST UNDER THE UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE. This Deed of Trust shall be considered a financing statement and a
fixture filing pursuant to the provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (as adopted in the state where the Property is located) covering fixtures
chattels, and articles of personal property now owned or hereafter attached to or to be used in obnnection with the Property together with any and all
replacements thereof and additions thereto (the "Chattels"), and Grantor hereby grants Lender a security interest in such Chattels. The debtor is the
Grantor described above. The secured party is the Lender described above. Upon demand, Grantor shall make, execute and deliver such security
agreements (as such term is defined in said Uniform Commercial Code) as Lender at any time may deem necessary or proper or require to grant to
Lender a perfected security interest in the Chattels, and upon Grantor's failure to do so, Lender is authorized to sign any such agreement as the agent
of Grantor. Grantor hereby authorizes Lender to file financing statements (as such term is defined in said Uniform Commercial Code) with respect to
the Chattels, at any time, without the signature of Grantor. Grantor will, however, at any time upon request of Lender, sign such financing statements.
Grantor will pay all filing fees for the filing of such financing statements and for the refiling thereof at the times required, in the opinion of Lender, by
said Uniform Commercial Code. If the lien of this Deed of Trust is subject to any security agreement covering the Chattels, then in the event of any
default under this Deed of Trust, all the right, title and interest of Grantor in and to any and all of the Chattels is hereby assigned to Lender, together
with the benefit of any deposits or payments now or hereafter made thereof by Grantor or the predecessors or successors in title of Grantor in the
Property.
21. USE OF PROPERTY. (gl If checked, the Property is used primarily for personal, family or household purposes.   lf checked, the Property is
used primarily for commercial, agricultural or business purposes.
22. REIMBURSEMENT OF AMOUNTS EXPENDED BY LENDER. Lender, at Lender’s option, may expend funds (including attorneys' fees and legal
expenses) to perform any act required to be taken by Grantor or to exercise any right or remedy of Lender under this Deed of Trust. Upon demand,
Grantor shall immediately reimburse Lender for all such amounts expended by Lender together with interest thereon at the lower of the highest rate
described in any Obligation or the highest rate allowed by law from the date of payment until the date of reimbursement. These sums shall be
included in the definition of Obligations herein and shall be secured by the beneficial interest ,granted herein. lf the Obligations are paid after the
beginning of publication of notice of sale, as herein provided, or in the event Lender shall, at its sole option, permit Grantor to pay any part of the
Obligations after the beginning of publication of notice of sale, as herein provided, then, Grantor shall pay on demand all expenses incurred by the
Trustee and Lender in connection with said publication, including reasonable attorneys' fees to the attorneys for the Trustee and for the Lender, and a
reasonable fee to the Trustee, and this Deed of Trust shall be security for all such expenses and fees.
23. APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. All payments made by or on behalf of Grantor may be applied against the amounts paid by Lender (including
attorneys’ fees and legal expenses) in connection with the exercise of its rights or remedies described in this Deed of Trust and then to the payment
of the remaining Obligations in whatever order Lender chooses.
24. POWER OF ATTORNEY. Grantor hereby appoints Lender as its attorney-in-fact to endorse Grantor‘s name on all instruments and other
documents pertaining to the Obligations or indebtedness. ln addition, Lender shall be entitled, but not required, to perform any action or execute any
document required to be taken or executed by Grantor under this Deed of Trust. Lender’s performance of such action or execution of such
documents shall not relieve Grantor from any Obligation or cure any default under this Deed of Trust. The powers of attorney described in this Deed
of Trust are coupled with an interest and are irrevocable. (
25. SUBROGATION OF LENDER. Lender shall be subrogated to the rights of the holder ofiany previous lien, security interest or encumbrance
discharged with funds advanced by Lender regardless of whether these liens, security interests ot other encumbrances have been released of record.
26. COLLECTION COSTS. To the extent permitted by law, Grantor agrees to pay Lender’s reasonable fees and costs, including, but not limited to,
fees and costs of attorneys and other agents (including without limitation paralegals, clerks and consultants), whether or not such attorney or agent is
an employee of Lender, which are incurred by Lender in collecting any amount due or enforcing any right or remedy under this Deed of Trust,
whether or not suit is brought, including, but not limited to, all fees and costs incurred on appeal, in bankruptcy, and for post-judgment collection
actions.
27. PARTIAL RELEASE. Lender may release its interest in a portion of the Property by executing and recording one or more partial releases without
affecting its interest in the remaining portion of the Property. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate Lender to release any of its interest in the
Property (except as required under paragraph 36), nor shall Lender be obligated to release any part of the Property if Grantor is in default under this
Deed of Trust.
28. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. The modification or waiver of any of Grantor‘s Obligations or Lender’s rights under this Deed of Trust must be
contained in a writing signed by Lender. Lender may perform any of Borrower’s or Grantor's Obligations, delay or fail to exercise any of its rights or
accept payments from Grantor or anyone other than Grantor without causing a waiver of those Obligations or rights. A waiver on one occasion shall
not constitute a waiver on any other occasion. Grantor’s Obligations under this Deed of Trust shall not be affected if Lender repeatedly and
unconditionally amends, compromises, exchanges, fails to exercise, impairs or releases any of the Obligations belonging to any Grantor, Borrower or
third party or any of its rights against any Grantor, Borrower or third party or any of the Property. Lender’s failure to insist upon strict performance of
any of the Obligations shall not be deemed a waiver, and Lender shall have the right at any time thereafter to insist upon strict performance.
29. SUBSTITUTE TRUSTEE. ln case of the death, inability, refusal to act or absence of the Trustee from the state where the Property is located or in
case the holder of the Obligations shall desire for any reason to remove the Trustee or any substitute trustee as trustee hereunder and to appoint a
new trustee in his place and stead, the holder of the Obligations is hereby granted full power to appoint in writing a substitute trustee for said Trustee,
and the substitute trustee shall, when appointed, become successor to all rights of Trustee hereunder and the same shall become vested in him for
the purposes and objects of this Deed of Trust with all the power, duties and obligations herein conferred on the Trustee.
LPOR516C Lt) Harland Financial Solutions, lnc. (7/10/O2) (800) 937-3799 g Page 3 of 5 _ . ...-

30. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Deed of Trust shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Grantor and Lender and their respective
successors, assigns, trustees, receivers, administrators, personal representatives, legatees and devisees.
31. NOTICES. Except as otherwise required by law, any notice or other communication to be provided under this Deed of Trust shall be in writing
and sent to the parties at the addresses described in this Deed of Trust or such other address as the parties may designate in writing from time to
time. Any such notice so given and sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, shall be deemed given the earlier of three (3) days after such notice is
sent when received by the person to whom such notice is being given.
32. SEVERABILITY. Whenever possible, each provision of this Deed of Trust shall be interpreted so as to be effective and valid under applicable
state law. lf any provision of this Deed of Trust violates the law or is unenforceable, the rest of this Deed of Trust shall continue to be valid and
enforceable.
33. APPLICABLE LAW. This Deed of Trust shall be governed by the laws of the state where the Property is located. Unless applicable law provides
otherwise, Grantor consents to the jurisdiction and venue of any court selected by Lender, in its sole discretion, located in that state.
34. NO THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. No person is or shall be a third-party beneficiary of any provision of this Deed of Trust. Nl provisions of this Deed of
Trust in favor of Lender are intended solely for the benefit of Lender, and no third party shall be entitled to assume or expect that Lender will waive or
consent to the modification of any provision of this Deed of Trust, in Lender’s sole discretion.
35. PRESERVATION OF LIABILITY AND PRIORITY. Vwthout affecting the liability of Borrower, Grantor, or any guarantor of the Obligations, or any
other person (except a person expressly released in writing) for the payment and performance of the Obligations, and without affecting the rights of
Lender with respect to any Property not expressly released in writing, and without impairing in any way the priority of this Deed of Trust over the
interest of any person acquired or first evidenced by recording subsequent to the recording of this Deed of Trust, Lender may, either before or after
the maturity of the Obligations, and without notice or consent: release any person liable for payment or performance of all or any part of the
Obligations; make any agreement altering the terms of payment or performance of all or any part of the Obligations; exercise or refrain from
exercising or waive any right or remedy that Lender may have under this Deed of Trust; accept additional security of any kind for any of the
Obligations; or release or otherwise deal with any real or personal property securing the Obligations. Any person acquiring or recording evidence of
any interest of any nature in the Property shall be deemed, by acquiring such interest or recording any evidence thereof, to have consented to all or
any such actions by Lender.
36. DEFEASANCE. Upon the payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations, Lender will execute and deliver to Grantor those documents
that may be required to release this Deed of Trust of record. Grantor shall be responsible to pay any costs of recordation.
37. MISCELLANEOUS. Grantor and Lender agree that time is of the essence. Grantor waives presentment, demand for payment, notice of
dishonor and protest except as required by law. All references to Grantor in this Deed of Trust shall include all persons signing below. lf there is
more than one Grantor, their Obligations shall be joint and several. This Deed of Trust represents the complete integrated understanding between
Grantor and Lender pertaining to the terms and conditions hereof.
38. JURY TRIAL WAIVER. LENDER AND GRANTOR HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY CIVIL ACTION ARISING OUT OF,
OR BASED UPON, THIS DEED OF TRUST.
39. ADDITIONAL TERMS:
sl

St t fO ·
Cciluiigr ofregon C /&¢k;z·;$6<$ I
I - geglbefoem   n _ I . _
Th' ‘  trume as ac 0 d · l A "  by
  ·. I L a ll   .
  rz: t; L- —;Q l .2·~i;~;~  sr;  
/‘ ?   OFFICIAL SEAL {
State gf (jrgggn X       {
_ County O, )   NoTARvAgjpaLic6o3nEga%J0N )
This instrument was acknowledged before me on } V   , _  l°? D N    ‘  : .... )
Q- - -.'.LL-.I-1...-.`.1 .'.LL9 
Notarial Officer
State of Oregon
County of  ,.LL
This instrument was acknowledged before me on   by
as
of .
Notarial Officer
State of Oregon
County of  
This instrument was acknowledged before me on   by
as  ______________;____
of .
Notarial Officer
SCHEDULE A
The following described real property located in the County of   State of  :
See Addendum A
‘ SCHEDULEB t , I
BORROWER AND LENDER REQUEST THE HOLDER OF ANY MORTGA E, DEED OF TRUST OR
OTHER ENCUMBRANCE WITH A LIEN WHICH HAS PRIORITY OVER THIS MORTGAGE TO GIVE
NOTICE TO LENDER, AT LENDER ‘ S ADDRESS SET FORTH ON PAGE ONE OF THIS
MORTGAGE, OF ANY DEFAULT UNDER THE SUPERIOR ENCUMBRANCE AND OF ANY SALE OR
OTHER FORECLOSURE ACTION.
THIS DOCUMENTWAS PREPARED BY: KeyBan.k National Association / David G. Fisher
LPOR511E © Harland Financial Solutions, Inc. (7/10/02) (800) 937-3799 page 5 of 5 ____

37* Mn 94/‘/15/3 <>'7 WA: 75*7 Aggc
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has executed this Mortgage.
S` ed and d livered in the prese e : ’V__, I M. a
X > C} / i if of /  Q /\.2(AA»•z/
AM rDC*"‘Z"‘€ (Dxccn `DONLS
X X
X X
STATE OF OREGON
SS.
County of C [/(Lka;/y3Q$
This instrument was acknowledged before me on   [Lb 9/ , 20 M , by
w ax/x5 nr cuz/5 .
,0/
, tary P lic for regon   JUS;;;§1tl3G;éi§AL
    NOT,¤>,‘y' M HOFF
My Commission EX ires: 7 2     N
P MVC D ,. . V. 0
A Ohtwgjgtyy mines AUG. 9, 2008

EXHIBIT A
THAT PORTION OF SECTION I5, TOWNSHIP 7 SOUTH, RANGE II WEST,
WILLAMETTE MERIDIAN, IN LINCOLN COUNTY, OREGON, DESCRIBED AS
FOLLOWS:
BEGINNING AT THE INTERSECTION OF THE EAST LINE OF SOUTHEAST
JETTY AVENUE, FORMERLY FERNWOOD WAY WITH THE EASTERLY
PROLONGATION OF THE SOUTH LINE OF LOT 4, BLOCK 3 OF LAKEWOOD;
THENCE NORTH I6 DEGREES 38 MINUTES WEST ALONG THE EAST LINE
OF SOUTHEAST JETTY AVENUE, FORMERLY FERNWOOD WAY TO THE POINT
OF INTERSECTION WITH THE EASTERLY PROLONGATION OF THE NORTH
LINE OF SAID LOT 4, THENCE EASTERLY ALONG SAID PROLONGATION
I20 FEET, MORE OR LESS, TO THE WEST LINE OF THE NORTON TRACT
AS DESCRIBED IN DEED RECORDED IN BOOK 204, PAGE II3, DEED
RECORDS; THENCE SOUTH I6 DEGREES 38 MINUTES EAST ALONG SAID
WEST LINE TO THE POINT OF INTERSECTION WITH THE EASTERLY
PROLONGATION OF THE SOUTHERLY LINE OF SAID LOT 4; THENCE
WESTERLY ALONG SAID PROLONGATION I20 FEET, MORE OR LESS, TO
THE POINT OF BEGINNING.
SITUATED IN THE COUNTY OF LINCOLN AND STATE OF OREGON.
Permanent Parcel Number: OORl3i885
JON B. DAVIS AND DARLENE DOREEN DAVIS, AS TENANTS BY THE ENTIRETY
944 SE JETTY AVENUE, LINCOLN CITY OR 97367
Lean Reference Number : 24173205/O7282l75928OC
First American Order Nc: 13328506
Identifier: FIRST AMERICAN LENDERS ADVANTAGE

