(Qt   Acco 2008110
ii · STATE OF OREGON
RECORDATION REQUESTED BY: COUVIYY of Lincoln }Ss‘ 5 pages
West Coast Bank In DQIIB W. Jenkins, Coun Cl k · ·
Newport Main Branch °°¤·*v that the within intgiruriiierltlnrziisdi$Z§$§d°‘}‘$P'¥g,§° §°'°°V
c/o West Coast Credit Center {,5f-Iqmggén th%B0Ok Oi R9C0FdS of said county at Newport Oérégagkd
25977 SW Canyon Creek Road sw J my and and seal of said office affixed. ' '
Wilsonville, OR 97070
cou; COUN7y cl
` . ` . 8*
wr-nan naconoao MAIL To: DANA ""·~'E"' · ¤¤¤l¤ ¢¤¤¤¤v Clerk ‘i "*
WEST COAST BANK  
WEST COAST CREDIT CENTER D _ _ O (  
P.o. sox sooo UC - ...VllZI8lM125 6;**,
WILSONVILLE, on 97070 Rect: 8[UZ669 46 ww TW
Wi/VII?/PIYIVIB m3;;;j;;;m7,q,m "”’=¤=¤¤¢°°"
SPACE ABOVE THIS LINE IS FOR RECORDER'S USE ONLY
DEED OF TRUST
THIS DEED OF_TRUST is dated March 28. 2008, among Troy R. Ness and Dolores J. Ness ("Grantor"); West Coast
Bank, whose address is Newport Main Branch, c/o West Coast Credit Center, 25977 SW Canyon Creek Road Ste
J, Wilsonville, OR 97070 (referred to below sometimes as "Lender" and sometimes as "Beneficiary"); and WEST
COAST TRUST, whose address is 301 Church Street NE, Salem, OR 97301 (referred to below as "Trustee").
CONVEYANCE AND GRANT. For valuable consideration, represented in the Note dated March 28, 2008, in the original principal amount of
$74,303.70, from Grantor to Lender. Grantor conveys to Trustee for the benefit of Lender as Beneficiary all of Grantor's right, title, and interest
in and to the following described real property, together with all existing or subsequently erected or affixed buildings, improvements and
fixtures; all easements, rights of way, and appurtenances; all water, water rights and ditch rights (including stock in utilities with ditch or
irrigation rights); and all other rig‘hts, royalties, and profits relating to_the real property, including without limitation all minerals, oil, gas,
geothermal and similar matters, (t e "Rea| Property") located in Lincoln County, State o Oregon:
egin 'ng at he outhwe cor er f Lo 2, lock , HA ORT N. I th Cit of New rt, in Li coln C unty,
egon; then E sterly al g t e outh rly 'ne 0 said t, 8 fee · th nce ortherl and pa Ilel to the
W terly ' e o sai lot. 100 eet, the ce este y a paral to e S th rly a ng the esterly ' e of id
not 00 fee ¤ t e p ce or beg I . SEE ATTA HED EXHIBIT "A"
The Real Property or its address is commonly known as 209 SE 35th St., South Beach, OR 97366. The Real
Property tax identification number is FI418281.
Grantor presently assigns to Lender (also known as Beneficiary in this Deed of Trust) all of Grantor's right, title, and interest in and to all present
and future leases of the Property and all Rents from the Property. In addition, Grantor grants to Lender a Uniform Commercial Code security
interest in the Personal Property and Rents.
THIS DEED OF TRUST, INCLUDING THE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE RENTS AND PERSONAL PROPERTY.
IS GIVEN TO SECURE (AI PAYMENT OF THE INDEBTEDNESS AND (BI PERFORMANCE OF ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS DEED
OF TRUST. THIS DEED OF TRUST IS GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE FOLLOWING TERMS:
PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall pay to Lender all amounts secured by this
Deed of Trust as they become due, and shall strictly and in a timely manner perform all of Grantor's obligations under the Note, this Deed of
Trust, and the Related Documents.
POSSESSION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE PROPERTY. Grantor agrees that Grantor's possession and use of the Property shall be governed by
the following provisions:
Possession and Use. Until the occurrence of an Event of Default, Grantor may (1) remain in possession and control of the Property; (2)
use, operate or manage the Property; and (3) collect the Rents from the Property. The following provisions relate to the use of the
Property or to other limitations on the Property. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON TRANSFERRING FEE
TITLE SHOULD INOUIRE ABOUT THE PERSON'S RIGHTS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS 197.352. THIS INSTRUMENT DOES NOT ALLOW USE OF
THE PROPERTY DESCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT IN VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAND USE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. BEFORE
SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON ACOUIRING FEE TITLE TO THE PROPERTY SHOULD CHECK WITH THE
APPROPRIATE CITY OR COUNTY PLANNING DEPARTMENT TO VERIFY APPROVED USES, TO DETERMINE ANY LIMITS ON LAWSUITS
AGAINST FARMING OR FOREST PRACTICES AS DEFINED IN ORS 30.930, AND TO INOUIRE ABOUT THE RIGHTS OF NEIGHBORING
PROPERTY OWNERS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS 197.352.
Duty to Maintain. Grantor shall maintain the Property in good condition and promptly perform all repairs, replacements, and maintenance
necessary to preserve its value.
Hazardous Substances. Grantor represents and warrants that the Property never has been, and never will be so long as this Deed of Trust
remains a lien on the Property, used for the generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any
Hazardous Substance in violation of any Environmental Laws. Grantor authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Property to make
such inspections and tests as Lender may deem appropriate to determine compliance of the Property with this section of the Deed of Trust.
Grantor hereby (1) releases and waives any future claims against Lender for indemnity or contribution In the event Grantor becomes liable
for cleanup or other costs under any such laws, and (2) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Lender against any and all claims
and losses resulting from a breach of this paragraph of the Deed of Trust. This obligation to indemnify and defend shall survive the
payment of the Indebtedness and the satisfaction of this Deed of Trust.
DUE ON SALE - CONSENT BY LENDER. Lender may, at Lender's option, declare immediately due and payable all sums secured by this Deed of
Trust upon the sale or transfer, without Lender's prior written consent, of all or any part of the Real Property, or any interest in the Real
Property. A "sale or transfer" means the conveyance of Real Property or any right, title or interest in the Real Property; whether legal, beneficial
or equitable; whether voluntary or involuntary; whether by outright sale, deed, installment sale contract, land contract, contract for deed,
leasehold interest with a term greater than three (3) years, lease-option contract, or by sale, assignment, or transfer of any beneficial interest in
or to any land trust holding title to the Real Property, or by any other method of conveyance of an interest in the Real Property. However, this
option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited by federal law or by Oregon law.
TAXES AND LIENS. The following provisions relating to the taxes and liens on the Property are part of this Deed of Trust:
Payment. Grantor shall pay when due (and in all events prior to delinquency) all taxes, special taxes, assessments, charges (including
water and sewer), fines and impositions levied against or on account of the Property, and shall pay when due all claims for work done on or
for services rendered or material furnished to the Property. Grantor shall maintain the Property free of all liens having priority over or equal
to the interest of Lender under this Deed of Trust, except for the lien of taxes and assessments not due, except for the Existing
Indebtedness referred to below, and except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust.
PROPERTY DAMAGE INSURANCE. The following provisions relating to insuring the Property are a part of this Deed of Trust.
Maintenance of Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain policies of fire insurance with standard extended coverage endorsements on
a replacement basis for the full insurable value covering all Improvements on the Real Property in an amount sufficient to avoid application
of any coinsurance clause, and with a standard mortgagee clause in favor of Lender, together with such other hazard and liability insurance
as Lender may reasonably require. Policies shall be written in form, amounts, coverages and basis reasonably acceptable to Lender and

DEED OF TRUST V
Loan No: 40002521 (Continued) Page 2
 
issued by a company or companies reasonably acceptable to Lender. Grantor, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to
time the policies or certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that coverages will not be cancelled or
diminished without at least ten (10) days prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance policy also shall include an endorsement providing
that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired in any way by any act, omission or default of Grantor or any other person. Should the
Real Property be located in an area designated by the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard
area, Grantor agrees to obtain and maintain Federal Flood Insurance, if available, within 45 days after notice is given by Lender that the
Property is located in a special flood hazard area, for the full unpaid principal balance of the loan and any prior liens on the property
securing the loan, up to the maximum policy limits set under the National Flood Insurance Program, or as otherwise required by Lender, and
to maintain such insurance for the term of the loan.
LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. lf Grantor fails (A) to keep the Property free of all taxes, liens, security interests, encumbrances, and other claims,
(B) to provide any required insurance on the Property, (C) to make repairs to the Property or to comply with any obligation to maintain Existing
Indebtedness in good standing as required below, then Lender may do so. lf any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially
affect Lender's interests in the Property, then Lender on Grantor's behalf may, but is not required to, take any action that Lender believes to be
appropriate to protect Lender's interests. _AII expenses incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes will then bear interest at the rate charged
under the Note from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Grantor. All such expenses will become a part of the
Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, will (A) be payable on demand; (B) be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned among and
be payable with any installment payments to become due during either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining
term of the Note; or (C) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Note's maturity.
WARRANTY; DEFENSE OF TITLE. The following provisions relating to ownership of the Property are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Title. Grantor warrants that: (a) Grantor holds good and marketable title of record to the Property in fee simple, free and clear of all liens
and encumbrances other than those set forth in the Real Property description or in the Existing Indebtedness section below or in any title
insurance policy, title report, or final title opinion issued in favor of, and accepted by, Lender in connection with this Deed of Trust, and (bl
Grantor has the full right, power, and authority to execute and deliver this Deed of Trust to Lender.
Defense of Title. Subject to the exception in the paragraph above, Grantor warrants and will forever defend the title to the Property against
the lawful claims of all persons.
EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS. The following provisions concerning Existing Indebtedness are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Existing Lien. The lien of this Deed of Trust securing the Indebtedness may be secondary and inferior to an existing lien. Grantor expressly
covenants and agrees to pay, or see to the payment of, the Existing Indebtedness and to prevent any default on such indebtedness, any
default under the instruments evidencing such indebtedness, or any default under any security documents for such indebtedness.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT. At Lender's optjon, Grantor will be in default under this Deed of Trust if any of the following happen: _
Payment Default. Grantor fails to make any payment when due under the Indebtedness.
Break Other Promises. Grantor breaks any promise made to Lender or fails to perform promptly at the time and strictly in the manner
, provided in this Deed of Trust·or in any agreement related to this Deed of Trust. . ’
Compliance Default. Failure to comply with any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Deed of,’Trust, the* Note or in
any of the Related Documents.
Default on Other Payments. Failure of Grantor within the time required by this Deed of Trust to make any payment for taxes or insurance,
or any other payment necessary to prevent filing of or to effect discharge of any lien.
Death or Insolvency. The death of Grantor, the insolvency of Grantor, the appointment of a receiver for any part of Grantor's property, any
assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or
insolvency laws by or against Grantor.
Events Affecting_Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party
of any of the Indebtedness or any guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party dies or becomes incompetent, or revokes or
disputes the validity of, or liability under, any Guaranty of the Indebtedness.
Existing Indebtedness. The payment of any installment of principal or any interest on the Existing Indebtedness is not made within the time
required by the promissory note evidencing such indebtedness, or a default occurs under the instrument securing such indebtedness and is
not cured during any applicable grace period in such instrument, or any suit or other action is commenced to foreclose any existing lien on
the Property.
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default under any indebtedness, or should Grantor fail to comply
with any of Grantor's obligations under this Deed of Trust, Trustee or Lender may exercise any one or more of the following rights and
remedies:
Election of Remedies. All of Lender's rights and remedies will be cumulative and may be exercised alone or together. An election by
Lender to choose any one remedy will not bar Lender from using any other remedy. lf Lender decides to spend money or to perform any of
Grantor's obligations under this Deed of Trust, after Grantor's failure to do so, that decision by Lender will not affect Lender's right to
declare Grantor in default and to exercise Lender's remedies.
Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender shall have the right at its option without notice to Grantor to declare the entire Indebtedness immediately
due and payable, including any prepayment penalty which Grantor would be required to pay.
Foreclosure. With respect to all or any part of the Real Property, the Trustee shall have the right to foreclose by notice and sale, and
Lender shall have the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to the full extent provided by
applicable law. lf this Deed of Trust is foreclosed by judicial foreclosure, Lender will be entitled to a judgment which will provide that if the
foreclosure sale proceeds are insufficient to satisfy the judgment, execution may issue for the amount of the unpaid balance of the
judgment.
Other Remedies. Trustee or Lender shall have any other right or remedy provided in this Deed of Trust or the Note or available at law or in
equity. .
Sale of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Grantor hereby waives any and all rights to have the Property marshalled.
In exercising its rights and remedies, the Trustee or Lender shall be free to sell all or any part of the Property together or separately, in one
sale or by separate sales. Lender shall be entitled to bid at any public sale on all or any portion of the Property.
Expenses. lf Lender institutes any suit or action to enforce any of the terms of this Deed of Trust, Lender shall be entitled to recover such
sum as the court may adjudge reasonable. Whether or not any court action is involved, and to the extent not prohibited by law, all
reasonable expenses Lender incurs that in Lender's opinion are necessary at any time for the protection of its interest or the enforcement of
its rights shall become a part of the Indebtedness payable on demand and shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of the
expenditure until repaid. Expenses covered by this paragraph include, without limitation, however subject to any limits under applicable
law, Lender's expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and
any anticipated post—judgment collection services, the cost of searching records, obtaining title reports (including foreclosure reports),
surveyors' reports, and appraisal fees, title insurance, and fees for the Trustee, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Grantor also will
pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums provided by law.
CHOICE OF VENUE. If there is a lawsuit, you (Borrower, any Guarantor, and the Grantor under any Deed of Trust or security agreement) agree
upon Lender's request to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the state and county in which you reside or in which you signed this
instrument, whichever Lender chooses, and that venue is proper in such courts, provided that any judicial foreclosure action relating to any real
property security shall be commenced where the real property, or some part thereof, is located.
GOVERNING LAW. The interest rate and other terms of the credit evidenced or secured by this instrument (the "Credit") shall be governed by,
and this instrument shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with, federal laws and the laws of the State of Oregon, without
regard to principles of conflicts of law, except that (1) procedural matters related to the perfection and enforcement of the rights and remedies
of the Beneficiary of any Deed of Trust against any real property securing the Credit shall be governed by the laws of the state in which the real
property is located; and (2) to the extent governed by state law, matters relating to perfection and priority of any security interest in personal

DEED OF TRUST ,
Loan No: 40002521 (Continued) Page 3
property securing the Credit shall be governed by the laws of the state where the person granting that security interest is located. This
instrument has been accepted by Lender in the State of Oregon.
ARBITRATION. Lender, and each of the undersigned, hereby agree that all disputes, claims and controversies_ between them, arising from this
agreement or otherwise, including without limitation contract and tort disputes, shall be arbitrated pursuant to the Rules of the American
Arbitration Association in effect at the time the claim is filed, upon the request of any party. All parties hereby agree that the arbitrator in any
arbitration proceeding shall not conduct class arbitration: that is, all parties agree that the arbitrator shall not allow any party to serve as a
representative, or as a private attorney general, or in any other representative capacity for others in the arbitration. No act to take or dispose of
any collateral or property shall constitute a waiver of this  rbitration agreement or be prohibited by this arbitration agreement. This includes,
without limitation, obtaining injunctive relief or a temporary restraining order; foreclosing by notice and sale under any deed of trust or mortgage;
obtaining a writ of attachment or imposition of a receiver; or exercising any rights relating to personal property, including taking or disposing of
such property with or without judicial process pursuant to Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code. Any disputes, claims, or controversies
concerning the lawfulness or reasonableness of any act, or exercise of any right, concerning any collateral or property. including any claim to
rescind, reform, or otherwise modify any agreement relating to the collateral or property, shall also be arbitrated. provided however, that no
arbitrator shall have the right or power to enjoin or restrain any act of any party. Judgment upon any award rendered by any arbitrator may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction. Nothing in this arbitration agreement shall preclude any party from seeking equitable relief from a court
of competent jurisdiction. The statute of limitations, estoppel, waiver, Iaches, and similar doctrines which would otherwise be applicable in an
action brought by a party shall be applicable in any arbitration proceeding, and the commencement of an arbitration proceeding shall be deemed
the commencement of an action for these purposes. The Federal Arbitration Act shall apply to the construction, interpretation, and enforcement
of this arbitration provision.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Deed of Trust.
Waive Jury. All parties to this Deed of Trust hereby waive the right to any jury trial in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by
any party against any other party.
Waiver of Homestead Exemption. Grantor hereby releases and waives all rights and benefits of the homestead exemption laws of the State
of Oregon as to all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust.
DEFINITIONS. The following words shall have the following meanings when used in this Deed of Trust:
Beneficiary. The word "Beneficiary" means West Coast Bank, and its successors and assigns.
Borrower. The word "Borrower" means Troy R. Ness and Dolores J. Ness and includes all co-signers and co—makers signing the Note and ·
all their successors and assigns.
Deed of Trust. The words "Deed of Trust" mean this Deed of Trust among Grantor, Lender, and Trustee, and includes without limitation all
assignment and security interest provisions relating to the Personal Property and Rents.
Environmental Laws. The words "Environmental Laws" mean any and all state, federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances
relating to the protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. ("CERCLA"), the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 ("SARA"), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq.,
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws, rules, or
regulations adopted pursuant thereto or intended to protect human health or the environment.
Event of Default. The words "Event of Default" mean any of the events of default set forth in this Deed of Trust in the events of default
section of this Deed of Trust.
Existing Indebtedness. The words "Existing Indebtedness" mean the indebtedness described in the Existing Liens provision of this Deed of
Trust.
Grantor. The word "Grantor" means Troy R. Ness and Dolores J. Ness.
Guaranty. The word "Guaranty" means the guaranty from guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party to Lender, including
without limitation a guaranty of all or part of the Note.
Improvements. The word "Improvements" means all existing and future improvements, buildings, structures, mobile homes affixed on the
Real Property, facilities, additions, replacements and other construction on the Real Property.
Indebtedness. The word "Indebtedness" means all principal, interest, and other amounts, costs and expenses payable under the Note or
Related Documents, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, consolidations of and substitutions for the Note or
Related Documents and any amounts expended or advanced by Lender to discharge Grantor's obligations or expenses incurred by Trustee
or Lender to enforce Grantor's obligations under this Deed of Trust, together with interest on such amounts as provided in this Deed of
Trust.
Lender. The word "Lender" means West Coast Bank, its successors and assigns. The words "successors or assigns" mean any person or
company that acquires any interest in the Note.
Note. The word "Note" means the promissory note dated March 28, 2008, in the original principal amount of $74,303.70 from
Grantor to Lender, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for
the promissory note or agreement. The maturity date of the Note is March 20, 2028.
Personal Property. The words "Personal Property" mean all equipment, fixtures, and other articles of personal property now or hereafter
owned by Grantor, and now or hereafter attached or affixed to the Real Property; together with all accessions, parts, and additions to, all
replacements of, and all substitutions for, any of such property; and together with all proceeds (including without limitation all insurance
proceeds and refunds of premiums) from any sale or other disposition of the Property.
Property. The word " Property" means collectively the Real Property and the Personal Property.
Real Property. The words "Real Property" mean the real property, interests and rights, as further described in this Deed of Trust.
Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental
agreements, guaranties, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments,
agreements and documents, whether now or hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness.
Rents. The word "Rents" means all present and future rents, revenues, income, issues, royalties, profits, and other benefits derived from
the Property.
Trustee. The word "Trustee" means WEST COAST TRUST, whose address is 301 Church Street NE, Salem, OR 97301 and any
substitute or successor trustees.
EACH GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS DEED OF TRUST, AND EACH GRANTOR AGREES TO ITS
TERMS.
This Notice is required by Oregon law. In this Notice the term "you" means the Grantor named above.
NOTICE TO THE GRANTOR; Do not _sign this loan agreement before (Lou read it. This loan agreement provides for
the payment of a penalty if you wish to repay the loan prior to t e date provided for repayment in the loan
agreement.
GRANTOR:
/
X X -
oy R. Ne Dolores J. Ness

DEED OF TRUST
teen Ne; 40002521 (Continued) Page 4
 
 
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT
Of L1 4,: ,;, _ OFFICIAL SEAL
STATE °T   ’ mg TI¤·. 2   Juue A I-IANRAI-IAN
` ) SS   NOTARY PUBLlC·OFIEGON
COUNTY OF     ) -1 3;;/ COMMISSION NO. 418534
  _ MY COMMISSION EXPIRES JUNE 20, 2011
On this day before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally appeared Troy R. Ness. to me known to be the individual described in and who
executed the Deed of Trust, and acknowledged that he or she signed the Deed of Trust as his or her free and voluntary act and deed, for the
uses and purposes therein mentioned.
Given under my hand and official seal this I day of [   f`; C , 20   .
By {_ bdig CQ , §J£/jg\z;2,¢‘~¢2/\/ Residing at fiékfiij
Notary Public in and for the State of (   QDQ My commission expires [0 Z 2 O Z 2   [ [
 
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT
O pgc r   OFFICIAL SEAL
STATE OF   I .  Juua A 1-IANRA1-(AN
A ·` 155 I   NOTARY PUBLIC-OREGON
L A # ‘ Lu COMMISSION NO. 418534
COUNTY OT   ’ mv commission sxpmas Juris 20, 2011
On this day before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally appeared Dolores J. Ness. to me known to be the individual described in and
who executed the Deed of Trust, and acknowledged that he or she signed the Deed of Trust as his or her free and voluntary act and deed, for
the uses and purposes therein mentioned.
Given under my hand and official seal this { day of   K/L , 20&¢q .
By (     Q ¢ ig/Q)   Residing at     E Z
Notary Public in and for the State of Of f   Qi] My commission expires   [ YO   20/ [
REQUEST FOR FULL RECONVEYANCE
(T0 be used only when obligations have been paid in full)
To: , Trustee A
The undersigned is the legal owner and holder of all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust. All sums secured by this Deed of Trust have
been fully paid and satisfied. You are hereby directed, upon payment to you of any sums owing to you under the terms of this Deed of Trust or
pursuant to any applicable statute, to cancel the Note secured by this Deed of Trust (which is delivered to you together with this Deed of Trust),
and to reconvey, without warranty, to the parties designated by the terms of this Deed of Trust, the estate now held by you under this Deed of
Trust. Please mail the reconveyance and Related Documents to:
Date: Beneficiary:
By:
Its:
LASER PRO Lending, Ver. 5.3900.008 Copr. Harland Financial Solutions, Inc. 1997, 2008. All Rights Reserved. - OR
S:\LOAN\LPL_LIVE\CF|\LPL\G01.FC TR-10034584 PFI-428

Order No. 5612
"EXHIBIT A"
Beginning at the Southwest corner of Lot 2, Block K, HARBORTON, in the City of Newport, in
Lincoln County, Oregon; thence Easterly along the Southerly line of said lot, 80 feet; thence
Northerly and parallel to the Westerly line of said lot, 100 feet; thence Westerly and parallel
to the Southerly line of said lot, 80 feet to the Westerly line thereof; and thence Southerly
along the Westerly line of said lot 100 feet to the place of beginning.

