STATE OF OREGON G
W ' T ° E ' 6 7 6 5 PT (NPT) County of Lincoln }SS' Pages
I, Dana W. Jenkins, County Clerk, In and for said county, do hereby
certify that the within instrument was received for record, and
recorded in the Book of Records of said county at Newport, Oregon.
WITNESS my hand and seal of said office affixed.
WHEN RECORDED MAIL TO   ,,6ew,
S60" •  c(¢¢+
DANA W. JEN , ‘ncoln County Clerk " a¥ »
NAME I_Rec0rds Processing Services ——I  
,;;*5;;, 577 Lamont Road DPP ’ Zmgmq I 37 - 1  
Rect: 802672 56.IZl® **7)
SIZE.? Elmhurst, IL 60126 nzizma/anna as z sz: asnm “`~»em»¤¤"
I— —-I SPACE ABOVE THIS LINE FOR RECORDEITS USE
568 'I 02
THIS DEED OF TRUST is made this IST day of APR I L 20 08 , between the Grantor(s),
RONALD O. JOHN AND DEN I SE L. JOHN, AS TENANTS BY THE ENT I RETY
(herein "Borrower"), WESTERN TITLE .
(herein "Trustee") and the Beneficiary Hoossaoto FINANCE CORPORATION I I .
a corporation organized and existing under the laws of DE LAWARE Whosc address is
3870 CENTER STREET NE, EVERGREEN PLAZA, SALEM, OR Q`/30I I
(herein "Lender" I. Witnesseth:
WHEREAS, Borrower is indebted to Lender in the principal sum of $ 259 , 983 . 90 ,
evidenced by Borrower’s Loan Agreement dated APR I L I , 2008 and any extensions or renewals thereof
(including those pursuant to any Renegotiable Rate Agreement) (herein "Note"), providing for monthly installments of
principal and interest, including any adjustments to the amount of payments or the contract rate if that rate is variable,
with the balance of the indebtedness, if not sooner paid, due and payable on APR I L I , 2038 ;
TO SECURE to Lender the repayment of (l) the indebtedness evidenced by the Note, with interest thereon,
including any increases if the contract rate is variable; (2) future advances under any Revolving Loan Agreement; (3) the
payment of all other sums, with interest thereon, advanced in accordance herewith to protect the security of this Deed of
Trust; and (4) the performance of the covenants and agreements of Borrower herein contained, Borrower in consideration
of the indebtedness herein recited and the trust herein created, irrevocably grants and conveys to Trustee, in trust, with
power of sale, hereby mortgage, grant and convey to Lender and Lender’s successors and assigns the following described
property located in the County of LINCOLN State
of Oregon:
LOTS 3 AND 4, BLOCK 29, PHELPS ADD I T I ON TO NEWPORT, IN THE
C I TV OF NEWPORT, COUNTY OP LINCOLN AND STATE OF OREGON.
    ||I|||I||I|||||||||||III|IIIIIIIIIIIII||||IIIIIIIIIIIIIII|I||||I|||I|III||I|I|IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII ¤¤¤¤¤~¤·
*J32243ED7C8UDOT70DDOR008IOIO**JOHN * ORIGINAL

-2. .
TOGETHER with all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements, rights,
appurtenances and rents (subject to the rights and authorities given herein to Lender to collect and apply such rents),
all of which shall be deemed to be and remain a part of the property covered by this Deed of Trust; and all of the
foregoing, together with said property (or the leasehold estate if this Deed of Trust is on a leasehold) are hereinafter
referred to as the "Property."
Borrower covenants that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby conveyed and has the right to grant and
convey the Property, and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of record. Borrower covenants
that Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands, subject to
encumbrances of record.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
l. Payment of Principal, Interest, Escrow Items, Prepayment Charges, and Late Charges. Borrower shall
pay when due the principal of, and interest (including any variations in interest resulting from changes in the Contract
Rate that may be specified in the Note) on, the debt evidenced by the Note and any prepayment charges and late
charges due under the Note. Borrower shall also pay funds for Escrow Items pursuant to Section 3. Payments due
under the Note and this Deed of Trust shall be made in U.S. currency. However, if any check or other instrument
received by Lender as payment under the Note or this Deed of Trust is returned to Lender unpaid, Lender may require
that any or all subsequent payments due under the Note and this Deed of Trust be made in one or more of the
following forms, as selected by Lender: (a) cash; (b) money order; (c) certified check, bank check, treasurer’s check or
cashier’s check, provided any such check is drawn upon an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency,
instrumentality, or entity; or (d) Electronic Funds Transfer.
Payments are deemed received by Lender when received at the location designated in the Note or at such other
location as may be designated by Lender in accordance with the notice provisions in Section 12. Lender may return
any payment or partial payment if the payment or partial payments are insufficient to bring the Loan current. Lender
may accept any payment or partial payment insufficient to bring the Loan current, without waiver of any rights
hereunder or prejudice to its rights to refuse such payment or partial payments in the future, but Lender is not
obligated to apply such payments at the time such payments are accepted. If each Monthy Payment is applied as of
its scheduled due date, then Lender need not pay interest on unapplied funds. Lender may hold such unapplied funds
until Borrower makes payment to bring the Loan current. If Borrower does not do so within a reasonable period of
time, Lender shall either apply such funds or return them to Borrower. If not applied earlier, such funds will be
applied to the outstanding principal balance under the Note immediately prior to foreclosure. No offset or claim
which Borrower might have now or in the future against Lender shall relieve Borrower from making payments due
under the Note and this Deed of Trust or performing the covenants and agreements secured by this Deed of Trust.
2. Application of Payments or Proceeds. Except as otherwise described in this Section 2 or as may be required
by the Note and/or applicable law, all payments accepted and applied by Lender shall be applied in the following order
of priority: (a) interest due under the Note; (b) principal due under the Note; (c) amounts due under Section 3. Such
payments shall be applied to each Monthly Payment in the order in which it became due. Any remaining amounts
shall be applied first to late charges, second to any other amounts due under this Deed of Trust, and then to reduce the
principal balance of the Note.
If Lender receives a payment from Borrower for a delinquent Monthly Payment which includes a sufficient amount
to pay any late charge due, the payment may be applied to the delinquent payment and the late charge. 1f more than
one Monthly Payment is outstanding, Lender may apply any payment received from Borrower to the repayment of the
Monthly Payments if, and to the extent that, each payment can be paid in full. To the extent that any excess exists
after the payment is applied to the full payment of one or more Monthly Payments, such excess may be applied to any
late charges due. Volunatary prepayments shall be applied first to any prepayment charges and then as described in the
Note.
Any application of payments, insurance proceeds, or Miscellaneous Proceeds to principal due under the Note shall
not extend or postpone the due date, or change the amount, of the Monthly Payments.
3. Funds for Escrow Items. Borrower shall pay to Lender on the day Monthly Payments are due under the
Note, until the Note is paid in full, a sum (the "Funds") to provide for payment of amounts due for: (a) taxes and
assessments and other items which can attain priority over this Deed of Trust as a lien or encumbrance on the
Property; (b) leasehold payments or ground rents on the Property, if any; (c) premiums for any and all insurance
required by Lender under Section 5; and (d) Mortgage Insurance premiums, if any. These items are called "Escrow
Items." At origination or at any time during the term of the Loan, Lender may require that Community Association
Dues, Fees, and Assessments, if any, be escrowed by Borrower, and such dues, fees and assessments shall be an Escrow
Item. Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender all notices of amounts to be paid under this Section. Borrower shall
pay Lender the Funds for Escrow Items unless Lender waives Borrower’s obligation to pay the Funds for any or all
Escrow Items. Lender may waive Borrower’s obligation to pay to Lender Funds for any or all Escrow Items at any
time. Any such waiver may only be in writing. In the event of such waiver, Borrower shall pay directly, when and
where payable, the amounts due for any Escrow Items for which payment of Funds has been waived by Lender and, if
Lender requires, shall furnish to Lender receipts evidencing such payment within such time period as Lender may
require. Borrower’s obligation to make such payments and to provide receipts shall for all purposes be deemed to be a
covenant and agreement contained in this Deed of Trust, as the phrase "covenant and agreement" is used in Section 7.
If Borrower is obligated to pay Escrow Items directly, pursuant to a waiver, and Borrower fails to pay the amount due
for an Escrow Item, Lender may exercise its rights under Section 7 and pay such amount and Borrower shall then be
obligated under Section 7 to repay to Lender any such amount. Lender may revoke the waiver as to any or all Escrow
Items at any time by a notice given in accordance with Section 12 and, upon such revocation, Borrower shall pay to
Lender all Funds, and in such amounts, that are then required under this Section 3.
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold Funds in an amount (a) sufficient to permit Lender to apply the Funds
at the time specified under RESPA, and (b) not to exceed the maximum amount a lender can require under the Real
Estate Settlement Procedures Act (12 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq.) and its implementing regulation, Regulation X (24
C.F.R. Part 35000, as they might be amended from time to time, or any additional or successor legislation or
regulation that governs the same subject matter. As used in this security instrument, "RESPA" refers to all
requirements and restrictions that are imposed in regard to a "federally related mortgage loan" even if the loan does
not qualify as a "federally related mortgage loan" under RESPA. Lender shall estimate the amount of Funds due on
the basis of current data and reasonable estimates of expenditures of future Escrow Items or otherwise in accordance
with Applicable Law.
ll-ll-05 DOT 0R008'l02
*J32243ED7C80DOT70000R0081020**JOHN * OR\G\NAL

. ' ‘3‘
The Funds shall be held in an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency, instrumentality, or entity
(including Lender, if Lender is an institution whose deposits are so insured) or in any Federal Home Loan Bank.
Lender shall apply the Funds to pay the Escrow Items no later than the time specified under RESPA. Lender shall not
charge Borrower for holding and applying the Funds, annually analyzing the escrow account, or verifying the Escrow
Items, unless Lender pays Borrower interest on the Funds and Applicable Law permits Lender to make such a charge.
Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to be paid on the Funds, Lender shall not
be required to pay Borrower any interest or earnings on the Funds. Borrower and Lender can agree in writing,
however, that interest shall be paid on the Funds. Lender shall give to Borrower, without charge, an annual accounting
of the Funds as required by RESPA.
If there is a surplus of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall account to Borrower for the
excess funds in accordance with RESPA. If there is a shortage of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA,
Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower shall pay to Lender the amount necessary to make
up the shortage in accordance with RESPA, but in no more than l2 monthly payments. If there is a deficiency of
Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower
shall pay to Lender the amount necessary to make up the deficiency in accordance with RESPA, but in no more than
l2 monthly payments.
Upon payment in full of all sums secured by this Deed of Trust, Lender shall promptly refund to Borrower any
Funds held by Lender.
4. Prior Mortgages and Deed of Trust; Charges; Liens. Borrower shall perform all of Borrower’s obligations
under any mortgage, deed of trust or other security agreement with a lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust,
including Borrower’s covenants to make payments when due. Borrower shall pay or cause to be paid all taxes,
assessments and other charges, fines and impositions attributable to the Property which may attain a priority over this
Deed of Trust, and leasehold payments or ground rents, if any.
5. Hazard Insurance. Borrower shall keep the improvements now existing or hereafter erected on the Property
insured against loss by fire, hazards included within the term "extended coverage," and such other hazards as Lender
may require and in such amounts and for such periods as Lender may require. The insurance carrier providing the
insurance shall be chosen by the Borrower subject to approval by Lender; provided, that such approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld. All insurance policies and renewals thereof shall be in a form acceptable to Lender and shall
include a standard mortgage clause in favor of and in a form acceptable to Lender. Lender shall have the right to hold
the policies and renewals thereof, subject to the terms of any mortgage, deed of trust or other security agreement with
a lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give prompt notice to the insurance carrier and Lender. Lender may make
proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrower.
Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing, insurance proceeds shall be applied to restoration or repair
of the Property damaged, if the restoration or repair is economically feasible and Lender’s security is not lessened. If
the restoration or repair is not economically feasible or Lender’s security would be lessened, the insurance proceeds
shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due, with any excess paid to
Borrower. If Borrower abandons the Property, or does not answer within 30 days a notice from Lender that the
insurance carrier has offered to settle a claim, then Lender may collect the insurance proceeds. Lender may use the
proceeds to repair or restore the Property or to pay sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then
due. The 30‘day period will begin when the notice is given.
Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing, any application of proceeds to principal shall not extend or
postpone the due date of the monthly payments referred to in paragraphs l, 2 and 3 or change the amount of the
payments. If under paragraph 19 the Property is acquired by Lender, Borrower’s rights to any insurance policies and
proceeds resulting from damage to the Property prior to the acquisition shall pass to Lender to the extent of the sums
secured by this Security Instrument immediately prior to the acquisition.
6. Preservation and Maintenance of Property; Leaseholds; Condominiums; Planned Unit Developments.
Borrower shall keep the Property in good repair and shall not commit waste or permit impairment or deterioration of
the Property and shall comply with the provisions of any lease if this Deed of Trust is on a leasehold. If this Deed of
Trust is on a unit in a condominium or a planned unit development, Borrower shall perform all of Borrower’s
obligations under the declaration or covenants creating or governing the condominium or planned unit development,
the by‘laws and regulations of the condominium or planned unit development, and constituent documents.
7. Protection of Lender’s Security. If Borrower fails to perform the covenants and agreements contained in this
Deed Of Trust, or if any action or proceeding is commenced which materially affects Lender’s interest in the Property,
then Lender, at Lender’s option, upon notice to Borrower, may make such appearances, disburse such sums, including
reasonable attorney fees, and take such action as is necessary to protect Lender’s interest. If Lender required mortgage
insurance as a condition of making the loan secured by this Deed of Trust, Borrower shall pay the premiums required
to maintain such insurance in effect until such time as the requirement for such insurance terminates in accordance
with Borrower’s and Lender’s written agreement or applicable law.
Any amounts disbursed by Lender pursuant to this paragraph 7, with interest thereon, at the applicable Contract
Rate, shall become additional indebtedness of Borrower secured by this Deed of Trust. Unless Borrower and Lender
agree to other terms of payment, such amounts shall be payable upon notice from Lender to Borrower requesting
payment thereof. Nothing contained in this paragraph 7 shall require Lender to incur any expense or take any action
hereunder.
8. Inspection. Lender may take or cause to be made reasonable entries upon and inspections of the Property,
provided that Lender shall give Borrower notice prior to any such inspection specifying reasonable cause therefor
related to Lender’s interest in the Property.
9. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, in connection with
any condemnation or other taking of the Property, or part thereof, or for conveyance in lieu of condemnation, are
hereby assigned and shall be paid to Lender, subject to the terms of any mortgage, deed of trust or other security
agreement with a lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust.
I0. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time for payment or
modification of amortization of the sums secured by this Deed of Trust granted by Lender to any successor in interest
of Borrower and all other parties who are or who hereafter may become secondarily liable shall not operate to release,
in any manner, the liability of the original Borrower and Borrower’s successors in interest. Lender shall not be
11-11-05 DOT ORDO8103
*J32243ED7C8DDDT7DOUOR008l030**JOHN * ORIGINAL

-4-
required to commence proceedings against such successor or refuse to extend time for payment or otherwise modify
amortization of the sums secured by this Deed of Trust by reason of any demand made by the original Borrower and
Borrower’s successors in interest. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or remedy hereunder, or
otherwise afforded by applicable law, shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any such right or remedy.
ll. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Co-signers. The covenants and agreements
herein contained shall bind, and the rights hereunder shall inure to, the respective successors and assigns of Lender and
Borrower, subject to the provisions of paragraph 16 hereof. All covenants and agreements of Borrower shall be joint
and several. Any Borrower who consigns this Deed of Trust, but does not execute the Note, (a) is consigning this Deed
of Trust only to grant and convey that Borrower’s interest in the Property to Trustee under the terms of this Deed of
Trust, (b) is not personally liable on the Note or under this Deed of Trust, and (c) agrees that Lender and any other
Borrower hereunder may agree to extend, modify, forbear, or make any other accommodations with regard to the
terms of this Deed of Trust or the Note without that Borrower’s consent and without releasing that Borrower or
modifying this Deed of Trust as to that Borrower’s interest in the Property.
12. Notice. Except for any notice required under applicable law to be given in another manner, (a) any notice to
Borrower provided for in this Deed of Trust shall be given by delivering it or by mailing such notice by certified mail
addressed to Borrower at the address stated in the Note or at such other address as Borrower may designate by notice
to Lender as provided herein, and (b) any notice to Lender shall be given by certified mail to Lender’s address stated
herein or to such other address as Lender may designate by notice to Borrower as provided herein. Any notice
provided for in this Deed of Trust shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower or Lender when given in the
manner designated herein.
13. Governing Law; Severability. The applicable law contained in the Note shall control. Where no applicable
law is contained therein, the state and local laws of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located shall apply except
where such laws conflict with Federal law; in which case, Federal law applies. The foregoing sentence shall not limit
the applicability of Federal law to this Deed of Trust. In the event that any provision or clause of this Deed of Trust
or the Note conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this Deed of Trust or the
Note which can be given effect without the conflicting provision, and to this end the provisions of this Deed of Trust
and the Note are declared to be severable. As used herein, "costs" and "expenses" and "attomey fees" include all sums
to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or limited herein.
14. Borrower’s Copy. Borrower shall be furnished a conformed copy of the Note and of this Deed of Trust, if
requested, at the time of execution or after recordation hereof.
15. Rehabilitation Loan Agreement. Borrower shall fulfill all of Borrower’s obligations under any home
rehabilitation, improvement, repair, or other loan agreement which Borrower enters into with Lender. Lender, at
Lender’s option, may require Borrower to execute and deliver to Lender, in a form acceptable to Lender, an assignment
of any rights, claims or defenses which Borrower may have against parties who supply labor, materials or services in
connection with improvements made to the Property.
16. Transfer of the Property. If Borrower sells or transfers all or any part of the Property or an interest therein,
excluding (a) the creation of a lien or encumbrance subordinate to this Deed of Trust, (b) a transfer by devise, descent,
or by operation of law upon the death of a joint tenant, (c) the grant of any leasehold interest of three years or less
not containing an option to purchase, (d) the creation of a purchase money security interest for household appliances,
(e) a transfer to a relative resulting from the death of a Borrower, (f) a transfer where the spouse or children of the
Borrower become an owner of the property; (g) a transfer resulting from a decree of dissolution of marriage, legal
separation agreement, or from an incidental property settlement agreement, by which the spouse of the Borrower
becomes an owner of the property; (h) a transfer into an inter vivos trust in which the Borrower is and remains a
beneficiary and which does not relate to a transfer of rights of occupancy in the property; or (i) any other transfer or
disposition described in regulations prescribed by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, Borrower shall cause to be
submitted information required by Lender to evaluate the transferee as if a new loan were being made to the
transferee. Borrower will continue to be obligated under the Note and this Deed of Trust unless Lender releases
Borrower in writing.
lf Lender does not agree to such sale or transfer, Lender may declare all of the sums secured by this Deed of Trust
to be immediately due and payable. If Lender exercises such option to accelerate, Lender shall mail Borrower notice of
acceleration in accordance with paragraph 12 hereof. Such notice shall provide a period of not less than 30 days from
the date the notice is mailed or delivered within which Borrower may pay the sums declared due. lf Borrower fails to
pay such sums prior to the expiration of such period, Lender may, without further notice or demand on Borrower,
invoke any remedies permitted by paragraph 17 hereof.
NON‘UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
17. Acceleration; Remedies. Except as provided in paragraph 16 hereof, or as otherwise required by law,
upon Borrower’s breach of any covenant or agreement of Borrower in this Deed of Trust, including the
covenants to pay when due any sums secured by this Deed of Trust, Lender prior to acceleration shall give
notice to Borrower as provided in paragraph 12 hereof specifying: (1) the breach; (2) the action required to
cure such breach; (3) a date, not less than 10 days from the date the notice is mailed to Borrower, by which
such breach must be cured; and (4) that failure to cure such breach on or before the date specified in the
notice may result in acceleration of the sums secured by this Deed of Trust, and sale of the Property. The
notice shall further inform Borrower of the right to reinstate after acceleration and the right to bring a
court action to assert the nonexistence of a default or any other defense of Borrower to acceleration and
sale. If the breach is not cured on or before the date specified in the notice, Lender, at Lender’s option,
may declare all of the sums secured by this Deed of Trust to be immediately due and payable without
further demand and may invoke the power of sale and any other remedies permitted by applicable law.
Lender shall be entitied to collect all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies
provided in this paragraph 17, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees.
If Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall execute or cause Trustee to execute a written notice of
the occurrence of an event of default and of Lender’s election to cause the Property to be sold and shall
cause such notice to be recorded in each county in which the Property or some part thereof is located.
Lender or Trustee shall give notice of sale in the manner prescribed by applicable law to Borrower and to
the other persons prescribed by applicable law. After the lapse of such time as may be required by
applicable law, Trustee, without demand on Borrower, shall sell the Property at public auction to the
highest bidder at the time and place and under the terms designated in the notice of sale in one or more
parcels and in such order as Trustee may determine. Trustee may postpone sale of all or any parcel of the
Property by public announcement at the time and place of any previously scheduled sale. Lender or
11-11-05 DOT OROU8104
*J32243ED7C8ODOT7000OROOB1040**JOHN * ORIGINAL

Lender’s designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee’s deed conveying the Property so sold without any
covenant or warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee’s deed shall be prima facie evidence
of the truth of the statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the following
order: (a) to all reasonable costs and expenses of the sale, including, but not limited to, reasonable
Trustee’s and attorneys’ fees and costs of title evidence; (b) to all sums secured by this Deed of Trust; and
(c) the excess, if any, to the person or persons legally entitled thereto.
18. Borrower’s Right to Reinstate. Notwithstanding Lender’s acceleration of the sums secured by this Deed of
Trust due to Borrower’s breach, Borrower shall have the right to have any proceedings begun by Lender to enforce
this Deed of Trust discontinued at any time prior to the earlier to occur of (i) the fifth day before sale of the Property
pursuant to the power of sale contained in this Deed of Trust or to (ii) entry of a judgment enforcing this Deed of
Trust if: (a) Borrower pays Lender all sums which would be then due under this Deed of Trust and the Note had no
acceleration occurred; (b) Borrower cures all breaches of any other covenants or agreements of Borrower contained in
this Deed of Trust; (c) Borrower pays all reasonable expenses incurred by Lender and Trustee in enforcing the
covenants and agreements of Borrower contained in this Deed of Trust, and in enforcing Lender’s and Trustee’s
remedies as provided in paragraph 17 hereof including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney’s fees; and (d)
Borrower takes such action as Lender may reasonably require to assure that the lien of this Deed of Trust, Lender’s
interest in the Property and Borrower's obligation to pay the sums secured by this Deed of Trust shall continue
unimpaired. Upon such payment and cure by Borrower, this Deed of Trust and the obligations secured hereby shall
remain in full force and effect as if no acceleration had occurred.
19. Assignment of Rents; Appointment of Receiver; Lender in Possession. As additional security hereunder,
Borrower hereby assigns to Lender the rents of the Property, provided that Borrower shall, prior to acceleration under
paragraph 17 hereof or abandonment of the Property, have the right to collect and retain such rents as they become
due and payable.
Upon acceleration under paragraph 17 hereof or abandonment of the Property, Lender, in person, by agent or by
judicially appointed receiver shall be entitled to enter upon, take possession of and manage the Property and to collect
the rents of the Property including those past due. All rents collected by Lender or the receiver shall be applied first
to payment of the costs of management of the Property and collection of rents, including, but not limited to,
receiver’s fees, premiums on receiver’s bonds and reasonable attorneys’ fees, and then to the sums secured by this
Deed of Trust. Lender and the receiver shall be liable to account only for those rents actually received. i `
20. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Deed of Trust, and if Lender. is not committed to
make any future refinancings or future advances, Lender shall request Trustee to reconvey the Property and shall
surrender this Deed of Trust and all notes evidencing indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust to Trustee. Trustee
shall reconvey the Property without warranty to the person or persons legally entitled thereto. Such person or persons
shall pay all reconveyance fees and costs of recordation, if any.
21. Substitute Trustee. In accordance with applicable law, Lender may from time to time remove Trustee and
appoint a successor trustee to any Trustee appointed hereunder. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor
trustee shall succeed to all the title, power and duties conferred upon the Trustee herein and by applicable law.
22. Attorney’s Fees. As used in this Deed of Trust and in the Note, "att0rneys’ fees" shall include attorney’s fees,
if any, which shall be awarded by an appellate court.
23. Arbitration Rider to Note. The Arbitration Rider attached to and made a part of the Note is hereby
incorporated by reference and made a part of this Deed of Trust.
(THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK)
11-11-05 DOT 03003105
*J32243ED7C80DUT70000R008l050**JOHN ¤ ORIGINAL

-6-
REQUEST FOR NOTICE OF DEFAULT
AND FORECLOSURE UNDER SUPERIOR
MORTGAGES OR DEEDS OF TRUST
Borrower and Lender request the holder of any mortgage, deed of trust or other encumbrance with a lien which has priority
over this Deed of Trust to give Notice to Lender, at Lender’s address set forth on page one of this Deed of Trust, of any default
under the superior encumbrance and of any sale or other foreclosure action.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has executed this Deed of Trust.
Ronald Q. John _BmwW"
  i  I l `/I i /LIL/) -Borrower
Denise L. John
STATE OF OREGON, Marion County ss:
On this 1 St day of April , 20 08 , personally appeared the above named
RQ;-Ia] d D Jghg and DQR}- SQ ; gghg and acknowledged
the foregoing instrument to be   voluntary act and deed.
(Official Seal) Before ez
My Commission expires:   J-QI Ag gg, { ·— ml
  oI=1=1c1AI. ssm. I .
    vou¤mA M vouuo N°‘°'Y P“°"°
    NC%I`$RY PUBLIC - OREGON
I it MISSION NO. 426046
MY COMMISSION EXPIFIES FEBRUARY 29. 2012
ST · O I ' 6  , County ss:
On this day of , 20 , personally appeared the above named
  and acknowledged
the foregoing insrument to be voluntary act and deed.
lomciai Seal) Before me:
My Commission expires:
Notary Public
REQUEST FOR RECONVEYANCE
TO TRUSTEE:
The undersigned is the holder of the note or notes secured by this Deed of Trust. Said note or notes, together with all
other indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust, have been paid in full. You are hereby directed to cancel said note or notes
and this Deed of Trust, which are delivered hereby, and to reconvey, without warranty, all the estate now held by you under
this Deed of Trust to the person or persons legally entitled thereto.
Date:
(Space Below This Line Reserved For Lender and Recorder)
Return To:
Records Processing Services
577 Lamont Road
Elmhurst, IL 60126
11-11-05 DOT ongggmg
*J32243ED7C80DOT7000OR0081060**JOHN * ORIGINAL

