- STATE OF OREGON *
PTO I 0800050 I County of Lincoln }ss. g Pages
; I, Dana W. Jenkins, County Clerk, in and for said county, do hereby
REc$R?€O;;?:;§(EQUEsTED BY certify that the within instrument was received for record, and
°s . . recorded in the Book of Records of said county at Newport, Oregon.
c°“st c°"““°'°'“' BY"k'“9 WITNESS my hand and seal of said OITICB affixed.
c/o West Coast Credit Center
25977 SW Canyon Creek Road Ste J   out ¤°°’•*v C.,
Wilsonville, OR 97070 _>+° , *»
DANA w. JEN , loooln County Clerk  T
Q é xwlv/Z';
wl-llalxl naconoao lvlAll. To;  
WEST COAST BANK Dlitc Z ZIZIYIBIZKIIEFB  
WEST COAST CREDIT CENTER REM`? , Bmz)7 2q 6 1 wm  
P.O.BOX8000 ""' l _l”   { _ ° s, 0,,+
w|LS0NV||_|_E, OR 97070 Qlfl /17lil / .2 I/IIYIB @9 . él 9 . 25am "For¤t¢
SPACE ABOVE THIS LINE IS FOR RECORDER'S USE ONLY
 
DEED OF TRUST
THIS DEED OF TRUST is dated March 31, 2008, among Dennis P. McManus, Jr., Trustee of The Robert M. Brice
Testamentary Trust ("Grantor"); West Coast Bank, whose address is Coast Commercial Banking, c/o West Coast
Credit Center, 25977 SW Canyon Creek Road Ste J, Wilsonville, OR 97070 (referred to below sometimes as
"Lender" and sometimes as "Beneficiary"); and WEST COAST TRUST, whose address is 301 Church Street NE,
Salem, OR 97301 (referred to below as "Trustee").
CONVEYANCE AND GRANT. For valuable consideration, represented in the Note dated March 31. 2008, in the original principal amount of
$212.500.00, from Grantor to Lender, Grantor conveys to Trustee for the benefit of Lender as Beneficiary all of Grantor's right, title, and
interest in and to the following described real property, together with all existing or subsequently erected or affixed buildings, improvements and
fixtures; all easements, rights of way, and appurtenances; all water, water rights and ditch rights (including stock in utilities with ditch or
irrigation rights); and all other rig1hts, royalties, and profits relating to_the real property, including without limitation all minerals, oil, gas,
geothermal and similar matters, (t e "Real Property") located ln Llncoln County, State o Oregon:
See EXHIBIT   which is attached to this Deed of Trust and made a part of this Deed of Trust as if fully set
forth herein.
The Real Property or its address is commonly known as 811 SE 5th St, Newport, OR 97365. The Real Property
tax identification number is R406437.
Grantor presently assigns to Lender (also known as Beneficiary in this Deed of Trust) all of Grantor's right, title, and interest in and to all present
and future leases of the Property and all Rents from the Property. In addition, Grantor grants to Lender a Uniform Commercial Code security
interest in the Personal Property and Rents.
THIS DEED OF TRUST, INCLUDING THE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE RENTS AND PERSONAL PROPERTY,
IS GIVEN T0 SECURE (A) PAYMENT OF THE INDEBTEDNESS AND (B) PERFORMANCE OF ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTE,
THE RELATED DOCUMENTS, AND THIS DEED OF TRUST. THIS DEED OF TRUST IS GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE FOLLOWING TERMS:
PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall pay to Lender all amounts secured by this
Deed of Trust as they become due, and shall strictly and in a timely manner perform all of Grantor's obligations under the Note, this Deed of
Trust, and the Related Documents.
POSSESSION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE PROPERTY. Grantor agrees that Grantor's possession and use of the Property shall be governed by
the following provisions:
Possession and Use. Until the occurrence of an Event of Default, Grantor may (1) remain in possession and control of the Property; (2)
use, operate or manage the Property; and (3) collect the Rents from the Property. The following provisions relate to the use of the
Property or to other limitations on the Property. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON TRANSFERRING FEE
TITLE SHOULD INOUIRE ABOUT THE PERSON'S RIGHTS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS 197.352. THIS INSTRUMENT DOES NOT ALLOW USE OF
THE PROPERTY DESCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT IN VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAND USE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. BEFORE
SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON ACOUIRING FEE TITLE TO THE PROPERTY SHOULD CHECK WITH THE
APPROPRIATE CITY OR COUNTY PLANNING DEPARTMENT TO VERIFY APPROVED USES, TO DETERMINE ANY LIMITS ON LAWSUITS
AGAINST FARMING OR FOREST PRACTICES AS DEFINED IN ORS 30.930, AND TO INOUIRE ABOUT THE RIGHTS OF NEIGHBORING
PROPERTY OWNERS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS 197.352.
Duty to Maintain. Grantor shall maintain the Property in tenantable condition and promptly perform all repairs, replacements, and
maintenance necessary to preserve its value.
Compliance With Environmental Laws. Grantor represents and warrants to Lender that: (1) During the period of Grantor's ownership of
the Property, there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous
Substance by any person on, under, about or from the Property; (2) Grantor has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that there has
been, except as previously disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, (al any breach or violation of any Environmental Laws,
(bl any use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance on, under,
about or from the Property by any prior owners or occupants of the Property, or (cl any actual or threatened litigation or claims of any
kind by any person relating to such matters; and (3) Except as previously disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, la) neither
Grantor nor any tenant, contractor, agent or other authorized user of the Property shall use, generate, manufacture, store, treat, dispose of
or release any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from the Property; and (bl any such activity shall be conducted in compliance
with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations and ordinances, including without limitation all Environmental Laws. Grantor
authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Property to make such inspections and tests, at Grantor's expense, as Lender may deem
appropriate to determine compliance of the Property with this section of the Deed of Trust. Any inspections or tests made by Lender shall
be for Lender‘s purposes only and shall not be construed to create any responsibility or liability on the part of Lender to Grantor or to any
other person. The representations and warranties contained herein are based on Grantor's due diligence in investigating the Property for
Hazardous Substances. Grantor hereby (1) releases and waives any future claims against Lender for indemnity or contribution in the
event Grantor becomes liable for cleanup or other costs under any such laws; and (2) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
Lender against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or
suffer resulting from a breach of this section of the Deed of Trust or as a consequence of any use, generation, manufacture, storage,
disposal, release or threatened release occurring prior to Grantor's ownership or interest in the Property, whether or not the same was or
should have been known to Grantor. The provisions of this section of the Deed of Trust, including the obligation to indemnify and defend,
shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness and the satisfaction and reconveyance of the lien of this Deed of Trust and shall not be
affected by Lender‘s acquisition of any interest in the Property, whether by foreclosure or otherwise.
Nuisance, Waste. Grantor shall not cause, conduct or permit any nuisance nor commit, permit, or suffer any stripping of or waste on or to
the Property or any portion of the Property. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Grantor will not remove, or grant to any other
party the right to remove, any timber, minerals (including oil and gas), coal, clay, scoria, soil, gravel or rock products without Lender‘s prior
written consent.
Removal of Improvements. Grantor shall not demolish or remove any Improvements from the Real Property without Lender‘s prior written
consent. As a condition to the removal of any Improvements, Lender may require Grantor to make arrangements satisfactory to Lender to
replace such Improvements with Improvements of at least equal value.

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 54000814 (Continued) Page 2
 
Lender's Right to Enter. Lender and Lender's agents and representatives may enter upon the Real Property at all reasonable times to attend
to Lender's interests and to inspect the Real Property for purposes of Grantor's compliance with the terms and conditions of this Deed of
Trust.
Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Grantor shall promptly comply with all laws, ordinances, and regulations, now or hereafter
in effect, of all governmental authorities applicable to the use or occupancy of the Property, including without limitation, the Americans
With Disabilities Act. Grantor may contest in good faith any such law, ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during any
proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Grantor has notified Lender in writing prior to doing so and so long as, in Lender's
sole opinion, Lender's interests in the Property are not jeopardized. Lender may require Grantor to post adequate security or a surety bond,
reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender's interest.
Duty to Protect. Grantor agrees neither to abandon or leave unattended the Property. Grantor shall do all other acts, in addition to those
acts set forth above in this section, which from the character and use of the Property are reasonably necessary to protect and preserve the
Property.
DUE ON SALE - CONSENT BY LENDER. Lender may, at Lender's option, declare immediately due and payable all sums secured by this Deed of
Trust upon the sale or transfer, without Lender's prior written consent, of all or any part of the Real Property, or any interest in the Real
Property. A "sale or transfer" means the conveyance of Real Property or any right, title or interest in the Real Property; whether legal, beneficial
or equitable; whether voluntary or involuntary; whether by outright sale, deed, installment sale contract, land contract, contract for deed,
leasehold interest with a term greater than three (3) years, lease-option contract, or by sale, assignment, or transfer of any beneficial interest in
or to any land trust holding title to the Real Property, or by any other method of conveyance of an interest in the Real Property. However, this
option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited by federal law or by Oregon law.
TAXES AND LIENS. The following provisions relating to the taxes and liens on the Property are part of this Deed of Trust:
Payment. Grantor shall pay when due (and in all events prior to delinquency) all taxes, special taxes, assessments, charges (including
water and sewer), fines and impositions levied against or on account of the Property, and shall pay when due all claims for work done on or
for services rendered or material furnished to the Property. Grantor shall maintain the Property free of all liens having priority over or equal
to the interest of Lender under this Deed of Trust, except for the lien of taxes and assessments not due and except as otherwise provided
in this Deed of Trust.
Right to Contest. Grantor may withhold payment of any tax, assessment, or claim in connection with a good faith dispute over the
obligation to pay, so long as Lender's interest in the Property is not jeopardized. lf a lien arises or is filed as a result of nonpayment,
Grantor shall within fifteen (15) days after the lien arises or, if a lien is filed, within fifteen (15) days after Grantor has notice of the filing,
secure the discharge of the lien, or if requested by Lender, deposit with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security
satisfactory to Lender in an amount sufficient to discharge the lien plus any costs and attorneys' fees, or other charges that could accrue
as a result of a foreclosure or sale under the lien. In any contest, Grantor shall defend itself and Lender and shall satisfy any adverse
judgment before enforcement against the Property. Grantor shall name Lender as an additional obligee under any surety bond furnished in
the contest proceedings.
Evidence of Payment. Grantor shall upon demand furnish to Lender satisfactory evidence of payment of the taxes or assessments and shall
authorize the appropriate governmental official to deliver to Lender at any time a written statement of the taxes and assessments against
the Property.
Notice of Construction. Grantor shall notify Lender at least fifteen (15) days before any work is commenced, any services are furnished, or
any materials are supplied to the Property, if any mechanic's lien, materiaImen's lien, or other lien could be asserted on account of the
work, services, or materials. Grantor will upon request of Lender furnish to Lender advance assurances satisfactory to Lender that Grantor
can and will pay the cost of such improvements.
PROPERTY DAMAGE INSURANCE. The following provisions relating to insuring the Property are a part of this Deed of Trust.
Maintenance of Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain policies of fire insurance with standard extended coverage endorsements on
a replacement basis for the full insurable value covering all Improvements on the Real Property in an amount sufficient to avoid application
of any coinsurance clause, and with a standard mortgagee clause in favor of Lender. Grantor shall also procure and maintain
comprehensive general liability insurance in such coverage amounts as Lender may request with Trustee and Lender being named as
additional insureds in such liability insurance policies. Additionally, Grantor shall maintain such other insurance, including but not limited to
hazard, business interruption, and boiler insurance, as Lender may reasonably require. Policies shall be written in form, amounts, coverages
and basis reasonably acceptable to Lender and issued by a company or companies reasonably acceptable to Lender. Grantor, upon request
of Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to time the policies or certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including
stipulations that coverages will not be cancelled or diminished without at least ten (10) days prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance
policy also shall include an endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired in any way by any act, omission or
default of Grantor or any other person. Should the Real Property be located in an area designated by the Director of the Federal Emergency
Management Agency as a special flood hazard area, Grantor agrees to obtain and maintain Federal Flood Insurance, if available, within 45
days after notice is given by Lender that the Property is located in a special flood hazard area, for the full unpaid principal balance of the
loan and any prior liens on the property securing the loan, up to the maximum policy limits set under the National Flood Insurance Program,
or as otherwise required by Lender, and to maintain such insurance for the term of the loan.
Application of Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly notify Lender of any loss or damage to the Property. Lender may make proof of loss if
Grantor fails to do so within fifteen (15) days of the casualty. Whether or not Lender's security is impaired, Lender may, at Lender's
election, receive and retain the proceeds of any insurance and apply the proceeds to the reduction of the Indebtedness, payment of any lien
affecting the Property, or the restoration and repair of the Property. lf Lender elects to apply the proceeds to restoration and repair, Grantor
shall repair or replace the damaged or destroyed Improvements in a manner satisfactory to Lender. Lender shall, upon satisfactory proof of
such expenditure, pay or reimburse Grantor from the proceeds for the reasonable cost of repair or restoration if Grantor is not in default
under this Deed of Trust. Any proceeds which have not been disbursed within 180 days after their receipt and which Lender has not
committed to the repair or restoration of the Property shall be used first to pay any amount owing to Lender under this Deed of Trust, then
to pay accrued interest, and the remainder, if any, shall be applied to the principal balance of the Indebtedness. lf Lender holds any
proceeds after payment in full of the Indebtedness, such proceeds shall be paid to Grantor as Grantor's interests may appear.
Grantor's Report on Insurance. Upon request of Lender, however not more than once a year, Grantor shall furnish to Lender a report on
each existing policy of insurance showing: (1) the name of the insurer; (2) the risks insured; (3) the amount of the polic)/I (4) the
property insured, the then current replacement value of such property, and the manner of determining that value; and (5) the expiration
date of the policy. Grantor shall, upon request of Lender, have an independent appraiser satisfactory to Lender determine the cash value
replacement cost of the Property.
LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. lf any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lender's interest in the Property or if Grantor
fails to comply with any provision of this Deed of Trust or any Related Documents, including but not limited to Grantor's failure to discharge or
pay when due any amounts Grantor is required to discharge or pay under this Deed of Trust or any Related Documents, Lender on Grantor's
behalf may (but shall not be obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but not limited to discharging or paying all
taxes, liens, security interests, encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed on the Property and paying all costs for insuring,
maintaining and preserving the Property. All such expenditures incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes will then bear interest at the rate
charged under the Note from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Grantor. All such expenses will become a part of
the Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, will (A) be payable on demand: (B) be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned among
and be payable with any installment payments to become due during either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the
remaining term of the Note; or (C) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Note's maturity. The Deed of Trust
also will secure payment of these amounts. Such right shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies to which Lender may be entitled upon
Default.
WARRANTY; DEFENSE OF TITLE. The following provisions relating to ownership of the Property are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Title. Grantor warrants that: (a) Grantor holds good and marketable title of record to the Property in fee simple, free and clear of all liens
and encumbrances other than those set forth in the Real Property description or in any title insurance policy, title report, or final title opinion
issued in favor of, and accepted by, Lender in connection with this Deed of Trust, and (b) Grantor has the full right, power, and authority
to execute and deliver this Deed of Trust to Lender.

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 54000814 (Continued) Page 3
Defense of Title. Subject to the exception in the paragraph above, Grantor warrants and will forever defend the title to the Property against
the lawful claims of all persons. In the event any action or proceeding is commenced that questions Grantor's title or the interest of
Trustee or Lender under this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall defend the action at Grantor's expense. Grantor may be the nominal party in
such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel of
Lender's own choice, and Grantor will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lender such instruments as Lender may request from time to
time to permit such participation.
Compliance With Laws. Grantor warrants that the Property and Grantor's use of the Property complies with all existing applicable laws,
ordinances, and regulations of governmental authorities.
Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations, warranties, and agreements made by Grantor in this Deed of Trust shall
survive the execution and delivery of this Deed of Trust, shall be continuing in nature, and shall remain in full force and effect until such
time as Grantor's Indebtedness shall be paid in full.
CONDEMNATION. The following provisions relating to condemnation proceedings are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Proceedings. If any proceeding in condemnation is filed, Grantor shall promptly notify Lender in writing, and Grantor shall promptly take
such steps as may be necessary to defend the action and obtain the award. Grantor may be the nominal party in such proceeding, but
Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel of its own choice, and Grantor
will deliver or cause to be delivered to Lender such instruments and documentation as may be requested by Lender from time to time to
permit such participation.
Application of Net Proceeds. lf all or any part of the Property is condemned by eminent domain proceedings or by any proceeding or
purchase in lieu of condemnation, Lender may at its election require that all or any portion of the net proceeds of the award be applied to
the Indebtedness or the repair or restoration of the Property. The net proceeds of the award shall mean the award after payment of all
reasonable costs, expenses, and attorneys' fees incurred by Trustee or Lender in connection with the condemnation.
IMPOSITION OF TAXES, FEES AND CHARGES BY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. The following provisions relating to governmental taxes,
fees and charges are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Current Taxes, Fees and Charges. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall execute such documents in addition to this Deed of Trust and
take whatever other action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender's lien on the Real Property. Grantor shall reimburse
Lender for all taxes, as described below, together with all expenses incurred in recording, perfecting or continuing this Deed of Trust,
including without limitation all taxes, fees, documentary stamps, and other charges for recording or registering this Deed of Trust.
Taxes. The following shall constitute taxes to which this section applies: (1) a specific tax upon this type of Deed of Trust or upon all or
any part of the indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust; (2) a specific tax on Grantor which Grantor is authorized or required to
deduct from payments on the Indebtedness secured by this type of Deed of Trust; (3) a tax on this type of Deed of Trust chargeable
against the Lender or the holder of the Note; and (4) a specific tax on all or any portion of the Indebtedness or on payments of principal
and interest made by Grantor.
Subsequent Taxes. lf any tax to which this section applies is enacted subsequent to the date of this Deed of Trust, this event shall have
the same effect as an Event of Default, and Lender may exercise any or all of its available remedies for an Event of Default as provided
below unless Grantor either (1) pays the tax before it becomes delinquent, or (2) contests the tax as provided above in the Taxes and
Liens section and deposits with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender.
SECURITY AGREEMENT; FINANCING STATEMENTS. The following provisions relating to this Deed of Trust as a security agreement are a part
of this Deed of Trust:
Security Agreement. This instrument shall constitute a Security Agreement to the extent any of the Property constitutes fixtures, and
Lender shall have all of the rights of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code as amended from time to time.
Security Interest. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall take whatever action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender's
security interest in the Rents and Personal Property. In addition to recording this Deed of Trust in the real property records, Lender may, at
any time and without further authorization from Grantor, file executed counterparts, copies or reproductions of this Deed of Trust as a
financing statement. Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all expenses incurred in perfecting or continuing this security interest. Upon
default, Grantor shall not remove, sever or detach the Personal Property from the Property. Upon default, Grantor shall assemble any
Personal Property not affixed to the Property in a manner and at a place reasonably convenient to Grantor and Lender and make it available
to Lender within three (3) days after receipt of written demand from Lender to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Addresses. The mailing addresses of Grantor (debtor) and Lender (secured party) from which information concerning the security interest
granted by this Deed of Trust may be obtained (each as required by the Uniform Commercial Code) are as stated on the first page of this
Deed of Trust. °
FURTHER ASSURANCES; ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. The following provisions relating to further assurances and attorney-in-fact are a part of this
Deed of Trust:
Further Assurances. At any time, and from time to time, upon request of Lender, Grantor will make, execute and deliver, or will cause to
be made, executed or delivered, to Lender or to Lender's designee, and when requested by Lender, cause to be filed, recorded, refiled, or
rerecorded, as the case may be, at such times and in such offices and places as Lender may deem appropriate, any and all such mortgages,
deeds of trust, security deeds, security agreements, financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance,
certificates, and other documents as may, in the sole opinion of Lender, be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate, complete, perfect,
continue, or preserve (1) Grantor's obligations under the Note, this Deed of Trust, and the Related Documents, and (2) the liens and
security interests created by this Deed of Trust as first and prior liens on the Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by
Grantor. Unless prohibited by law or Lender agrees to the contrary in writing, Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the matters referred to in this paragraph.
Attorney·in-Fact. If Grantor fails to do any of the things referred to in the preceding paragraph, Lender may do so for and in the name of
Grantor and at Grantor's expense. For such purposes, Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints Lender as Grantor's attorney-in-fact for the
purpose of making, executing, delivering, filing, recording, and doing all other things as may be necessary or desirable, in Lender's sole
opinion, to accomplish the matters referred to in the preceding paragraph.
FULL PERFORMANCE. lf Grantor pays all the Indebtedness when due, and otherwise performs all the obligations imposed upon Grantor under
this Deed of Trust, Lender shall execute and deliver to Trustee a request for full reconveyance and shall execute and deliver to Grantor suitable
statements of termination of any financing statement on file evidencing Lender's security interest in the Rents and the Personal Property. Any
reconveyance fee required by law shall be paid by Grantor, if permitted by applicable law.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Each of the following, at Lender's option, shall constitute an Event of Default under this Deed of Trust:
Payment Default. Grantor fails to make any payment when due under the Indebtedness.
Other Defaults. Grantor fails to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Deed of Trust
or in any of the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other
agreement between Lender and Grantor.
Compliance Default. Failure to comply with any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Deed of Trust, the Note or in
any of the Related Documents.
Default on Other Payments. Failure of Grantor within the time required by this Deed of Trust to make any payment for taxes or insurance,
or any other payment necessary to prevent filing of or to effect discharge of any lien.
False Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Grantor or on Grantor's behalf under this
Deed of Trust or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or
becomes false or misleading at any time thereafter.
Defective Collateralization. This Deed of Trust or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of
any collateral document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any time and for any reason.

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 54000814 (Continued) Page 4
 
Insolvency. The dissolution or termination of the Trust, the insolvency of Grantor, the appointment of a receiver for any part of Grantor‘s
property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any
bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Grantor.
Creditor or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self—heIp,
repossession or any other method, by any creditor of Grantor or by any governmental agency against any property securing the
Indebtedness. This includes a garnishment of any of Grantor's accounts, including deposit accounts, with Lender. However, this Event of
Default shall not apply if there is a good faith dispute by Grantor as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the
creditor or forfeiture proceeding and if Grantor gives Lender written notice of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender
monies or a surety bond for the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an
adequate reserve or bond for the dispute.
Breach of Other Agreement. Any breach by Grantor under the terms of any other agreement between Grantor and Lender that is not
remedied within any grace period provided therein, including without limitation any agreement concerning any indebtedness or other
obligation of Grantor to Lender, whether existing now or later.
Events Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party
of any of the Indebtedness or any guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party dies or becomes incompetent, or revokes or
disputes the validity of, or liability under, any Guaranty of the Indebtedness.
Adverse Change. A material adverse change occurs in Grantor's financial condition, or Lender believes the prospect of payment or
performance of the Indebtedness is impaired.
insecurity. Lender in good faith believes itself insecure.
Right to Cure. lf any default, other than a default in payment is curable and if Grantor has not been given a notice of a breach of the same
provision of this Deed of Trust within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured if Grantor, after receiving written notice from
Lender demanding cure of such default: (1) cures the default within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than fifteen (15)
days, immediately initiates steps which Lender deems in Lender's sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter
continues and completes all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical.
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. If an Event of Default occurs under this Deed of Trust, at any time thereafter, Trustee or Lender may
exercise any one or more of the following rights and remedies:
Election of Remedies. Election by Lender to pursue any remedy shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make
expenditures or to take action to perform an obligation of Grantor under this Deed of Trust, after Grantor‘s failure to perform, shall not
affect Lender's right to declare a default and exercise its remedies.
Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender shall have the right at its option without notice to Grantor to declare the entire Indebtedness immediately
due and payable, including any prepayment penalty which Grantor would be required to pay.
Foreclosure. With respect to all or any part of the Real Property, the Trustee shall have the right to foreclose by notice and sale, and
Lender shall have the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to the full extent provided by
applicable law. If this Deed of Trust is foreclosed by judicial foreclosure, Lender will be entitled to a judgment which will provide that if the
foreclosure sale proceeds are insufficient to satisfy the judgment, execution may issue for the amount of the unpaid balance of the
judgment.
UCC Remedies. With respect to all or any part of the Personal Property, Lender shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party
under the Uniform Commercial Code.
Collect Rents. Lender shall have the right, without notice to Grantor to take possession of and manage the Property and collect the Rents,
including amounts past due and unpaid, and apply the net proceeds, over and above Lender's costs, against the Indebtedness. In
furtherance of this right, Lender may require any tenant or other user of the Property to make payments of rent or use fees directly to
Lender. lf the Rents are collected by Lender, then Grantor irrevocably designates Lender as Grantor's attorney-in-fact to endorse
instruments received in payment thereof in the name of Grantor and to negotiate the same and collect the proceeds. Payments by tenants
or other users to Lender in response to Lender's demand shall satisfy the obligations for which the payments are made, whether or not any
proper grounds for the demand existed. Lender may exercise its rights under this subparagraph either in person, by agent, or through a
receiver.
Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to take possession of all or any part of the Property, with the
power to protect and preserve the Property, to operate the Property preceding foreclosure or sale, and to collect the Rents from the
Property and apply the proceeds, over and above the cost of the receivership, against the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without
bond if permitted by law. Lender's right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the Property
exceeds the Indebtedness by a substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from serving as a receiver.
Tenancy at Sufferance. If Grantor remains in possession of the Property after the Property is sold as provided above or Lender otherwise
becomes entitled to possession of the Property upon default of Grantor, Grantor shall become a tenant at sufferance of Lender or the
purchaser of the Property and shall, at Lender's option, either (1) pay a reasonable rental for the use of the Property, or (2) vacate the
Property immediately upon the demand of Lender.
Other Remedies. Trustee or Lender shall have any other right or remedy provided in this Deed of Trust or the Note or available at law or in
equity.
Notice of Sale. Lender shall give Grantor reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale of the Personal Property or of the time
after which any private sale or other intended disposition of the Personal Property is to be made. Reasonable notice shall mean notice
given at least fifteen (15) days before the time of the sale or disposition. Any sale of the Personal Property may be made in conjunction
with any sale of the Real Property.
Sale of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Grantor hereby waives any and all rights to have the Property marshalled.
In exercising its rights and remedies, the Trustee or Lender shall be free to sell all or any part of the Property together or separately, in one
sale or by separate sales. Lender shall be entitled to bid at any public sale on all or any portion of the Property.
Attorneys' Fees; Expenses. lf Lender institutes any suit or action to enforce any of the terms of this Deed of Trust, Lender shall be entitled
to recover such sum as the court may adjudge reasonable as attorneys' fees at trial and upon any appeal. Whether or not any court action
is involved, and to the extent not prohibited by law, all reasonable expenses Lender incurs that in Lender's opinion are necessary at any
time for the protection of its interest or the enforcement of its rights shall become a part of the Indebtedness payable on demand and shall
bear interest at the Note rate from the date of the expenditure until repaid. Expenses covered by this paragraph include, without limitation,
however subject to any limits under applicable law, Lender's attorneys' fees and Lender's legal expenses, whether or not there is a lawsuit,
including attorneys' fees and expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction),
appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment collection services, the cost of searching records, obtaining title reports (including foreclosure
reports), surveyors' reports, and appraisal fees, title insurance, and fees for the Trustee, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Grantor
also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums provided by law.
Rights of Trustee. Trustee shall have all of the rights and duties of Lender as set forth in this section.
POWERS AND OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE. The following provisions relating to the powers and obligations of Trustee are part of this Deed of
Trust:
Powers of Trustee. In addition to all powers of Trustee arising as a matter of law, Trustee shall have the power to take the following
actions with respect to the Property upon the written request of Lender and Grantor: la) join in preparing and filing a map or plat of the
Real Property, including the dedication of streets or other rights to the public; (b) join in granting any easement or creating any restriction
on the Real Property; and (c) join in any subordination or other agreement affecting this Deed of Trust or the interest of Lender under this
Deed of Trust.
Obligations to Notify. Trustee shall not be obligated to notify any other party of a pending sale under any other trust deed or lien, or of any
action or proceeding in which Grantor, Lender, or Trustee shall be a party, unless the action or proceeding is brought by Trustee.

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 54000814 (C0l‘\tlhu8d) Page 5
Trustee. Trustee shall meet all qualifications required for Trustee under applicable law. ln addition to the rights and remedies set forth
above, with respect to all or any part of the Property, the Trustee shall have the right to foreclose by notice and sale, and Lender shall have
the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to the full extent provided by applicable law.
Successor Trustee. Lender, at Lender's option, may from time to time appoint a successor Trustee to any Trustee appointed under this
Deed of Trust by an instrument executed and acknowledged by Lender and recorded in the office of the recorder of Lincoln County, State
of Oregon. The instrument shall contain, in addition to all other matters required by state law, the names of the original Lender, Trustee,
and Grantor, the book and page where this Deed of Trust is recorded, and the name and address of the successor trustee, and the
instrument shall be executed and acknowledged by Lender or its successors in interest. The successor trustee, without conveyance of the
Property, shall succeed to all the title, power, and duties conferred upon the Trustee in this Deed of Trust and by applicable law. This
procedure for substitution of Trustee shall govern to the exclusion of all other provisions for substitution.
NOTlCES.· Any notice required to be given under this Deed of Trust, including without limitation any notice of default and any notice of sale
shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually received by telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by
law), when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if mailed, when deposited in the United States mail, as first class,
certified or registered mail postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this Deed of Trust. All copies of notices of
foreclosure from the holder of any lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust shall be sent to Lender's address, as shown near the beginning
of this Deed of Trust. Any party may change its address for notices under this Deed of Trust by giving formal written notice to the other
parties, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the party's address. For notice purposes, Grantor agrees to keep Lender informed
at all times of Grantor's current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if there is more than one Grantor, any notice given by
Lender to any Grantor is deemed to be notice given to all Grantors.
CHOICE OF VENUE. lf there is a lawsuit, you (Borrower, any Guarantor, and the Grantor under any Deed of Trust or security agreement) agree
upon Lender's request to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Oregon in Clackamas County, and that venue is proper in such
courts, provided that any judicial foreclosure action relating to any real property security shall be commenced where the real property, or some
part thereof, is located.
GOVERNING LAW. The interest rate and other terms of the credit evidenced or secured by this instrument (the "Credit") shall be governed by,
and this instrument shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with, federal laws and the laws of the State of Oregon, without
regard to principles of conflicts of law, except that (1) procedural matters related to the perfection and enforcement of the rights and remedies
of the Beneficiary of any Deed of Trust against any real property securing the Credit shall be governed by the laws of the state in which the real
property is located; and (2) to the extent governed by state law, matters relating to perfection and priority of any security interest in personal
property securing the Credit shall be governed by the laws of the state where the person granting that security interest is located. This
instrument has been accepted by Lender in the State of Oregon.
ARBITRATION. Lender, and each of the undersigned, hereby agree that all disputes, claims and controversies between them, arising from this
agreement or otherwise, including without limitation contract and tort disputes, shall be arbitrated pursuant to the Rules of the American
Arbitration Association in effect at the time the claim is filed, upon the request of any party. All parties hereby agree that the arbitrator in any
arbitration proceeding shall not conduct class arbitration; that is, all parties agree that the arbitrator shall not allow any party to serve as a
representative, or as a private attorney general, or in any other representative capacity for others in the arbitration. No act to take or dispose of
any collateral or property shall constitute a waiver of this arbitration agreement or be prohibited by this arbitration agreement. This includes,
without limitation, obtaining injunctive relief or a temporary restraining order; foreclosing by notice and sale under any deed of trust or mortgage;
obtaining a writ of attachment or imposition of a receiver; or exercising any rights relating to personal property, including taking or disposing of
such property with or without judicial process pursuant to Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code. Any disputes, claims, or controversies
concerning the lawfulness or reasonableness of any act, or exercise of any right, concerning any collateral or property, including any claim to
rescind. reform, or otherwise modify any agreement relating to the collateral or property, shall also be arbitr ted, provided however, that no
arbitrator shall have the right or power to enjoin or restrain any act of any party. Judgment upon any award rendered by any arbitrator may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction. Nothing in this arbitration agreement shall preclude any party from seeking equitable relief from a court
of competent jurisdiction. The statute of limitations, estoppel, waiver, laches, and similar doctrines which would otherwise be applicable in an
action brought by a party shall be applicable in any arbitration proceeding, and the commencement of an arbitration proceeding shall be deemed
the commencement of an action for these purposes. The Federal Arbitration Act shall apply to the construction, interpretation, and enforcement
of this arbitration provision.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Amendments. This Deed of Trust, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties
as to the matters set forth in this Deed of Trust. No alteration of or amendment to this Deed of Trust shall be effective unless given in
writing and signed by the party or parties sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment.
Annual Reports. lf the Property is used for purposes other than Grantor's residence, Grantor shall furnish to Lender, upon request, a
certified statement of net operating income received from the Property during Grantor's previous fiscal year in such form and detail as
Lender shall require. “Net operating income" shall mean all cash receipts from the Property less all cash expenditures made in connection
with the operation of the Property.
Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Deed of Trust are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define
the provisions of this Deed of Trust.
Merger. There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Deed of Trust with any other interest or estate in the Property at
any time held by or for the benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent of Lender.
No Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Deed of Trust unless such waiver is given in writing
and signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any
other right. A waiver by Lender of a provision of this Deed of Trust shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lender's right otherwise to
demand strict compliance with that provision or any other provision of this Deed of Trust. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any course of
dealing between Lender and Grantor, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender's rights or of any of Grantor's obligations as to any future
transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this Deed of Trust, the granting of such consent by Lender in any instance
shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be
granted or withheld in the sole discretion of Lender.
Severability. lf a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Deed of Trust to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any
circumstance, that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any other circumstance. If feasible,
the offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal, valid and enforceable. If the offending provision cannot be so
modified, it shall be considered deleted from this Deed of Trust. Unless otherwise required by law, the illegality, invalidity, or
unenforceability of any provision of this Deed of Trust shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Deed of Trust.
Successors and Assigns. Subject to any limitations stated in this Deed of Trust on transfer of Grantor's interest, this Deed of Trust shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns. lf ownership of the Property becomes vested in a person
other than Grantor, Lender, without notice to Grantor, may deal with Grantor's successors with reference to this Deed of Trust and the
Indebtedness by way of forbearance or extension without releasing Grantor from the obligations of this Deed of Trust or liability under the
Indebtedness.
Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Deed of Trust.
Waive Jury. All parties to this Deed of Trust hereby waive the right to any jury trial in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by
any party against any other party.
Waiver of Homestead Exemption. Grantor hereby releases and waives all rights and benefits of the homestead exemption laws of the State
of Oregon as to all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust.
Commercial Deed of Trust. Grantor agrees with Lender that this Deed of Trust is a commercial deed of trust and that Grantor will not
change the use of the Property without Lender's prior written consent.
DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized words and terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Deed of Trust. Unless `

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 54000814 (Continued) Page 6
specifically stated to the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America. Words
and terms used in the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context may require. Words and terms not
otherwise defined in this Deed of Trust shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code:
Beneficiary. The word “Beneficiary" means West Coast Bank, and its successors and assigns.
Borrower. The word "Borrower“ means The Robert M. Brice Testamentary Trust, U/A dated September 8, 1992 and includes all co-signers
and co-makers signing the Note and all their successors and assigns.
Deed of Trust. The words " Deed of Trust" mean this Deed of Trust among Grantor, Lender, and Trustee, and includes without limitation all
assignment and security interest provisions relating to the Personal Property and Rents.
Default. The word "Defau|t" means the Default set forth in this Deed of Trust in the section titled "Default".
Environmental Laws. The words "Environmental Laws" mean any and all state, federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances
relating to the protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. ("CERCLA"), the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 ("SARA"), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq.,
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws, rules, or
regulations adopted pursuant thereto or intended to protect human health or the environment.
Event of Default. The words "Event of Default" mean any of the events of default set forth in this Deed of Trust in the events of default
section of this Deed of Trust.
Grantor. The word "Grantor" means The Robert M. Brice Testamentary Trust, U/A dated September 8, 1992.
Guaranty. The word "Guaranty" means the guaranty from guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party to Lender, including
without limitation a guaranty of all or part of the Note.
Hazardous Substances. The words "Hazardous Substances" mean materials that, because of their quantity, concentration or physical,
chemical or infectious characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when
improperly used, treated, stored, disposed of, generated, manufactured, transported or otherwise handled. The words "Hazardous
Substances" are used in their very broadest sense and include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or
waste as defined by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term "Hazardous Substances" also includes, without limitation,
petroleum, including crude oil and any fraction thereof and asbestos.
Improvements. The word "lmprovements" means all existing and future improvements, buildings, structures, mobile homes affixed on the
Real Property, facilities, additions, replacements and other construction on the Real Property.
Indebtedness. The word "Indebtedness" means The indebtedness evidenced by this agreement includes any and all of Borrower's
indebtedness to Lender and is used in the most comprehensive sense and means and includes any and all of Borrower's liabilities,
obligations and debts to Lender, now existing or hereinafter incurred or created, including, without limitation, all loans, advances, interest,
costs, debts, overdraft indebtedness, credit card indebtedness, lease obligations, other obligations, and liabilities of Borrower, or any of
them, and any present or future judgments against Borrower, or any of them; and whether an such indebtedness is voluntarily or
involuntarily incurred, due or not due , absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, determined or undetermined; whether Borrower
may be liable individually or jointly with others, or primary or secondarily, or as a guarantor or surety; whether recovery on an indebtedness
may be or may become barred or unenforceable against Borrower for any reason whatsoever; and whether the indebtedness arises from
transactions which may be voldable on account of infancy, insanity, ultra vires, or otherwise.
Lender. The word "Lender" means West Coast Bank, its successors and assigns.
Note. The word "Note" means the promissory note dated March 31, 2008, in tha original principal amount of $212,500.00
from Grantor to Lender, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions
for the promissory note or agreement. The maturity date of the Note is April 5, 2018.
Personal Property. The words "Personal Property" mean all equipment, fixtures, and other articles of personal property now or hereafter
owned by Grantor, and now or hereafter attached or affixed to the Real Property; together with all accessions, parts, and additions to, all
replacements of, and all substitutions for, any of such property; and together with all proceeds (including without limitation all insurance
proceeds and refunds of premiums) from any sale or other disposition of the Property.
Property. The word "Property" means collectively the Real Property and the Personal Property.
Real Property. The words "Real Property" mean the real property, interests and rights, as further described in this Deed of Trust.
Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental
agreements, guaranties, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments,
agreements and documents, whether now or hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness.
Rents. The word "Rents" means all present and future rents, revenues, income, issues, royalties, profits, and other benefits derived from
the Property.
Trustee. The word "Trustee" means WEST COAST TRUST, whose address is 301 Church Street NE, Salem, OR 97301 and any
substitute or successor trustees.
GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS DEED OF TRUST, AND GRANTOR AGREES TO ITS TERMS.
GRANTOR:
THE RO  ·  E T TAMENTA Y TR ST, U/A DATED SEPTEMBER 8. 1992
I `/
Bv= L- I , ( lu}
De V  . M Manus, Jr.,  uccess r Trustee of The
Robert M. Brice Test  · entary Trust, U/A dated
September 8, 1992

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 54000814 (COl'1tiI‘lUGd) Page 7
TRUST ACKNOWLEDGMENT
p.;.;·._,..;.;»\.. ;.\.~;.—l  -  "    
9 4-*53, OF·FiClAL SEAL X
STATE 0F l X     rAi.m.ruA i-igngv 2
. ' vii P NOTARY PLQBLIC R X
, ’SS X ¥2xa/ comzwlaestau N0. 403117 J
coumv or   4 l X MYGOMMISSION &ml%ESlvlAY 30,2010 )
8€.<'.\»"K,\.‘<',\,'\, s ¢<'_,\,·\,  »k·X_\·-_>_»·\,
On this   day of [   , 20 oé , before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally
appeared Dennis P. McManus. Jr., Successor rustee of The Robert M. Brice Testa entary Trust. U/A dated September 8, 1992. and known
to me to be an authorized trustee or agent of the trust that executed the Deed of Trust and acknowledged the Deed of Trust to be the free and
voluntary act and deed of the trust, by authority set forth in the trust documents or, by authority of statute, for the uses and purposes therein
mentioned, and on oath stated that he or she is authorized to execute this Deed of Trust and in fact executed the Deed of Trust on behalf of the
st.
Bv    T? Residing  
Notary Public in and for the State of lj  , Q My commission expires 5    
REQUEST FOR FULL RECONVEYANCE
(To be used only when obligations have been paid in full)
To: , Trustee
The undersigned is the legal owner and holder of all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust. All sums secured by this Deed of Trust have
been fully paid and satisfied. You are hereby directed, upon payment to you of any sums owing to you under the terms of this Deed of Trust or
pursuant to any applicable statute, to cancel the Note secured by this Deed of Trust (which is delivered to you together with this Deed of Trust),
and to reconvey, without warranty, to the parties designated by the terms of this Deed of Trust, the estate now held by you under this Deed of
Trust. Please mail the reconveyance and Related Documents to:
Date: Beneficiary:
By:
lts:
LASER PRO Lending, Ver. 5.3900.008 Copr. Harland Financial Solutions, Inc. 1997, 2008. All Rights Reserved. - OR
S:\LOAN\LPL_LIVE\CFl\LPL\GO1.FC TR—100348OO PR-465

_ EXHIBIT "A"
Parcel l:
Commencing at the meander corner between Sections 8 and 9, Township 11 South, Range 11 West of
the Willamette Meridian in Lincoln County, Oregon, which point is at the Southeast corner of Block 4,
OLSON'S SECOND ADDITION TO NEWPORT, OREGON; thence North 166-33 feet; thence South 64**
54' East 129.09 feet; thence North 25° O6' East 99.61 feet; thence North 72° 10' East 161 -60 feet to a
5/8 inch iron rod with angle iron; thence North 59° 13' West 24-90 feet to an iron rod; thence North 21 °
57' East 129.58 feet; thence North 62° 33’ West 138.60 feet being the true point of beginning of the tract
to be described; thence continuing North 62° 33' West 38.0 feet to a poirrt; thence running South 27° 06’
West to the intersection with the North line of S.E. Rtth Street; thence along the Northerly line of S.E-
Rfth Street, running South 47° 07’ East to a point being the Southwest comer of that certain parcel of
land described in that certain trust deed recorded July 26, 1973 in Book 43, page 612, Microfilm Records
for Lincoln County, Oregon, which point is South 27** O6' West 91 -45 feet from the point ot beginning;
thence North 27° 06' East 91 -45 feet to the true point of beginning, in Lincoln County, Oregon.
· Parcel ll; `
Beginning at a point at the Southwest comer of the Yaquina View School Tract as described in Book
242, page 380, of Lincoln County Deed Records, said point of beginning being 1787.5 feet South O" 03‘
East from the Northwest comer of Section 9, Township 11 South, Range 11 West, Willamette Meridian
in Lincoln County, Oregon; thence South 0° 03’ East, along the West line of Section 9, 197.69 feet to the
Northerly line of a 60 foot public road; thence along said Northerly line of a public road, East 24.43 feet;
thence South 47° 07’ East 340.74 feet; thence South 59° 13' East 18-49 feet to the Southwest corner of
the Charles Scott tract, as described in deed recorded February 24, 1959 in Volume 197, page 595,
Deed Records for Lincoln County, Oregon; thence along the Westerly line of said tract North 21 ° 57'
East 136.30 feet to the Northwest comer of said Scott tract; thence South W° 52' East, along the
Northerly line of said Scott tract and along the Easterly extension thereof, 172 feet, more or less, to the
Westerly right of way of the John Moore Co. Road; thence Northerly along said Westerly right of way,
217 feet, more or less to the Southeast comer of the said School tract; thence along the Southerly line of
said school tract North 84° 28' West 173.53 feet, more or less, to an iron rod set South 76° 10’ East
· 239-47 feet and South 32° 45‘ East 110.80 feet and South 66° 49‘ East 56.75 feet from the point of
beginning; thence along said school tract North 66° 49' West 56.75 feet; thence North 32° 45‘ West
1 10.8 feet and North 76°10' West, 239-47 feet to the point of beginning-
EXCEPTING THEREFROM the following: ‘
Commencing at the meander corner between Sections 8 and 9, Township 11 South, Range 11 West,
Willamette Meridian; said point being the Southeast comer of Block 4, OLSON'S SECOND ADDITION
TO NEWPORT, OREGON; thence North 166.33 feet; thence South 64° 54' East, 129.09 feet; thence
North 25° D6' East 99-61 feet; thence North 72° 10' East, 161.60 feet to a 5/6 inch iron rod with angle
iron; thence North 59° 13’ West 24-90 feet to an iron rod, the true point of beginning of the tract to be
described; thence North 21 ° 57* East 129.58 feet; thence North 62° 33' West 282 feet; thence along the
arc of a 53 foot radius curve to the left, the long chord of which bears·South 79° 34' West, 60 feet, more
or less, to the North line of S.E- 5"‘ Street; thence Southeasterly along said North line to the true point of
beginning.
· ALSO EXCEPTING THEREFROM the Easterly 100 feet, measured at right angles to John Moore
County Fload #564.

