\1
/\· — When Recorded, Return to: STATE gp 0r=rr;e.0N } ss_ V] Pages
( County of Lincoln d f _d 0 "'_‘my do hereby
» . . ' , ° F Sal C U r
Trerrgle H¤l¤·¤¤S LL LLC 1;,,'?,?:,·°2.QQS$r?;"’i&r.$%§"&‘tr£'§.2‘r£",$;‘S r2ceved for record. and
· 3121 Sl/V Moody Avenue reeerded in the eeek er Records or sara county ag Newport. Oregon.
Pomand OR 97239 WITNESS my hand and seal ot said office atfrxe .
(   3  5   {Pe,. ¤¤ ~ C,%
DANA W. JEN , ncoln County Clerk `  
Om: : 2t?It7l8IZl4243.4 I   
_ React: EM2766 76.059) gr ry 
preegrded by First A“]°“°3“ (Ad/QI7/2l7IrZl>?» 1 1 :30 : 54am "*¤r¤*‘
Titre   _
Order # {
DEED OF TRUST, ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS, SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING
DATE: Aprilg, 2008
GRANTOR: Resources Northwest, Inc.
8415 SW Seneca, Ste. 210
Tualatin, OR 97062
BENEFICIARY, Triangle Holdings II, LLC
3121 SW Moody Avenue
Portland, OR 97201
TRUSTEE: Terry DeSylvia, Esq.
Brownstein, Rask, et al.
1200 S.W. Main Street
Portland, OR 97205-2040
STREET ADDRESS OF PROPERTY: 2101 NE 28**, Lincoln City, Oregon
ASSESSORS TAX ACCOUNT NO. OF PROPERTY: R130370
1. Conveyance. Grantor irrevocably grants and conveys to Trustee in trust, with power of sale, all of Grantors
right, title and interest in the real property legally described on Exhibit “A” attached (the "Real Property"), to be held as
security for the payment and performance of the obligations as defined below.
2. Obligations Secured. This Deed of Trust, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing (the
"Trust Deed"), is given to secure: the payment and performance of all obligations of Grantor under this Trust Deed; the
Loan Agreement between the parties entered into on April ,3 , 2008; all sums advanced by Beneficiary to protect the
Real Property or to pay or perform any obligations of Grantor hereunder; all sums due under Grantors’ Promissory
Note to Beneficiary dated April 3 , 2008, in the principal sum of $154,50000, as modified, supplemented,
extended, renewed or replaced from time to time (the "Note"), the final payment of which, if not sooner paid, extended
or renewed, is due and payable April 1, 2009; any other obligations of Grantor to Benehciary evidenced by promissory
note(s) or agreements which reference being secured by this Trust Deed; and all obligations, debts, claims and
liabilities of Grantor to Beneficiary (individually or collectively), regardless of whether recovery is barred by any statute
of limitations or are otherwise unenforceable, plus interest thereon, now existing or hereafter arising, voluntary or
involuntary, due or not due, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or non-liquidated (including those in
which Grantor is obligated as guarantor, surety, accommodation party or otherwise) (collectively referred to herein as
the "Obligations").
PAGE 1 - DEED OF TRUST, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING

3. Assignment of Rents and Security Interest. As additional security for the Obligations, Grantors assigns to
Beneficiary, all of Grantor's right, title and interest in all present and future leases of the Real Property and grants
Beneficiary a Uniform Commercial Code Security Interest in the rents or other income relating to or arising from any
lease of the Real Property and all fixtures, timber and other articles of personal property now or hereafter owned by
Grantor, and not or hereafter located on or attached or affixed to the Real Property, together with all accessions, parts
and additions to, all replacements of and all substitutions for any such property, together with all proceeds (including
without limitation all insurance proceeds and refunded premiums) from any sale or other disposition of such property.
As used herein, the term "CoIlateral" shall mean collectively the Real Property and/or personal property subject to this
security interest.
4. Taxes, Liens and Assessments. Grantor shall pay before delinquent all taxes, liens, encumbrances,
charges and assessments affecting the Collateral.
5. Trust Expenses. Grantor shall pay all costs, fees and expenses of this trust and all lawful charges, costs
and expenses of any reinstatement of this Deed of Trust following a default.
6. Fire Insurance. Grantor shall, at Grantor's expense, maintain in force fire and extended coverage insurance
on the Collateral in an amount reasonably required by Beneficiary, with loss payable to Beneficiary, with such
insurance coverage to contain a waiver of the insurer’s right of subrogation against Benehciary.
7. Liability Insurance. Grantor shall, at Grantor's expense, maintain in force policies of liability insurance in
amounts reasonably required by Beneiciary, with Beneficiary as an additional insured thereunder, insuring against any
claims related to or arising from the use, occupancy or condition of the Collateral.
8. Indemnification of Trustees and Beneficiary. Grantor shall hold Trustee and Beneficiary harmless from
and indemnify them for any and all claims raised by any third party against Trustee or Beneficiary resulting from their
Interests hereunder or the acts of Grantor. Such indemnification shall include reasonable attorneys' fees and costs.
9. Right of Beneficiary or Trustee to Pay or Perform Obligations of Grantor. lf Grantor fails or refuses to
pay any sums due to be paid by it under the provisions of this Deed of Trust, or fails or refuses to take any action as
herein provided, then Beneficiary or Trustee shall have the right to pay any such sum due to be paid by Grantor and to
perform any act necessary to protect the Beneficiary's interest in the Collateral. The amount of such sums paid by
Beneficiary or Trustee and the cost of any such action, together with interest thereon at the lesser rate of 1.5% per
month or the maximum legal rate permitted under Oregon law, from the date of payment until satisfaction, shall be
added to the Obligations. The payment by Beneficiary or Trustee of any such sums or the perfonnance of any such
action shall be prima facie evidence of the necessity therefore.
10. Condemnation. Any award of damages in connection with any condemnation or injury to any of the
Collateral by reason of public use or for damages for private trespass or injury thereto are assigned and shall be paid
to Beneficiary, to be applied to the payment of the Obligations in such manner as Beneficiary may elect. Any remaining
balance shall be paid to Grantor. Beneficiary may, at Beneficiary's option, appeal from any such award in the name of
Grantor. Unless Grantor and Beneficiary othenrvise agree in writing, any application of such proceeds shall not extend
or postpone the due dates of any installment payments of the Obligations or change the amount of such payments.
11. Care of Collateral. Grantor shall take reasonable care ofthe Collateral and shall maintain it in good repair
and condition as at the original date of this Deed of Trust. Grantor shall not commit or permit waste to the Collateral
and shall do no act, which will unduly impair or depreciate the value of the Collateral or altect its insurability. lf Grantor
fails to maintain the Collateral as required, then Beneficiary or Trustee, at their option, may make necessary repairs
and add the cost thereof to the Obligations. Grantor shall take any necessary action to maintain any water rights,
power rights or any rights of whatever nature, which are appurtenant to the Collateral.
12. Right to Inspect Collateral. Upon reasonable prior notice to Grantor, Beneficiary or Trustee shall have the
right and license to go on and into the Collateral to inspect it in order to determine whether the provisions of this Deed
of Trust are being perfomred.
PAGE 2 - DEED OF TRUST, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING

` 13. Event of Default. Each of the following shall be considered an event of default of this Deed of Trust: (a) the
failure of Grantor to pay or perform the Obligations or any term, obligation, covenant or condition in any other note or
agreement between Grantor and Benellciary on or before the due date thereof; (b) the failure of Grantor to perform any
duty required by this Deed of Trust; (c) the removal or attempted removal by Grantor of any property included in the
Collateral without the consent of Beneficiary; (d) the abandonment of the Collateral by Grantor; (e) a determination by
Beneficiary the Collateral is inadequate or in danger of being impaired or threatened from any cause whatsoever; (f)
sale or assignment of any interest in the Collateral (including without limitation, assignment for security purposes)
without the prior written consent of Beneficiary, which may be granted, withheld or conditioned in Beneficiary's sole
discretion; or (g) the tiling, execution or occurrence of: (1) a petition in bankruptcy by or against Grantor, (2) a petition
or answer seeking a reorganization, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or other relief of the same or
different kind under any provision of the Bankruptcy Act, (3) the adjudication of Grantor as a bankrupt or insolvent, or
insolvency in the bankruptcy equity sense, (4) an assignment by Grantor for the benefit of creditors, whether by trust,
mortgage or othenrvise, (5) a petition or other proceedings by or against Grantor for the appointment of a trustee,
receiver, guardian, conservator or Iiquidator of Grantor with respect to all or substantially all its property, (6) Grantor's
dissolution or liquidation or the taking of possession of Grantors property by any governmental authority in connection
with dissolution or liquidation.
14. Remedies on Default. On default, Beneficiary shall have all rights and remedies available under this
Agreement or applicable law (all such rights and remedies to be cumulative) including without limitation:
14.1 To foreclose this Trust Deed as a lvlongage or by advertisement and sale under applicable Oregon
law;
14.2 To exercise all rights of a secured creditor under the Uniform Commercial Code of Oregon;
14.3 To enter upon and take possession of the Collateral;
14.4 To collect any rents or other income from the Collateral, including that past due and unpaid; and
apply the same, less costs and expenses of operation and collection, including reasonable attorneys fees, upon any of
the Obligations, and in such order as Beneficiary may determine;
14.5 The entering upon and taking possession of the Collateral, the collection of such rents and income
and the application thereof, shall not cure or waive any default or notice of Trustee's Sale hereunder or invalidate any
act done pursuant to such notice;
14.6 To have a receiver appointed by a Court to collect the rents and income as provided above; and
14.7 To declare all Obligations immediately due and payable.
15. Deficiency Judgment. Unless prohibited bylaw, Beneficiary shall be entitled to a deficiency judgment
against Grantor if the Trustee's Sale yields an amount insufficient to fully satisfy the Obligations.
16. Acts of Trustee Affecting Collateral. If the Trustee, in its sole discretion, releases or conveys all or any
portion of the Collateral such action shall not affect the personal liability of any person for payment of the Obligations
and without affecting the security hereof for the full amount secured hereby on all remaining Collateral, and without the
necessity that any sum representing the value or any portion thereof of the Collateral affected by Trustee's action be
credited on the indebtedness.
17. Satisfaction of the Obligation. Upon written request of Beneficiary stating that all sums secured hereby
have been paid, and upon surrender of this Deed of Trust and the Obligations for cancellation, and upon payment of
Trustee's fees, Trustee shall release and reconvey, without covenant or warranty, express or implied, the Collateral.
The recitals in such reconveyance of any matters or facts shall be conclusive proof of the truthfulness thereof. The
grantee in such reconveyance may be described as "the person or persons legally entitled thereto."
PAGE 3 - DEED OF TRUST, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING

. 18. Notices. Copies of all notices and communications concerning this Deed of Trust shall be mailed to the
parties at the addresses specified in this Deed of Trust. Any change of address shall be communicated to the other
parties in writing. Any documents which may adversely affect the rights of any party to this Deed of Trust shall be
delivered by Certified Mail, Retum Receipt Requested, facsimile, personal service or any other means which will
reasonable result in actual notice.
19. Headings. The marginal or topical headings of the provisions herein are for convenience only and do not
define, limit or construe the contents of these provisions.
20. Interpretation. In this Deed of Trust, whenever the context so requires, masculine gender includes the
feminine and neuter, and the singular includes the plural and vice versa.
21. Applicable Law. This Deed of Trust shall be subject to and govemed by the laws of the State of Oregon,
regardless of the fact that one or more parties now is or may become a resident of a different state.
22. Waiver. Any waiver by any party of a breach of any provision of this Deed of Trust shall not operate or be
construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach hereof.
23. Succession of Benefits. The provisions of this Deed of Trust shall benefit and bind the parties, their heirs,
personal representatives and permitted assigns.
24. Successor Trustee. Beneficiary may appoint a Successor Trustee by delivering written notice of such
appointment to the Successor Trustee, or in the manner prescribed by law. A Successor Trustee herein shall, without
conveyance from the predecessor Trustee, succeed to all the predecessor’s title, estate, rights, powers and duties.
Trustee may resign by mailing or delivering notice thereof to Beneficiary and Grantor.
25. Entire Agreement. The temis of this Deed of Trust constitute the entire agreement among the parties, and
the parties represent that there are no collateral or side agreements not otherwise provided for within the terms of this
Deed of Trust.
26. Time of Essence. Time is of the essence in this Deed of Trust and every term, condition, covenant and
provision hereof.
27. Modification. No modification of this Deed of Trust shall be binding unless evidenced by an agreement in
writing and signed by all parties.
28. Partial invalidity. lf any provision of this Deed of Trust is held to be invalid or unenforceable, all the
remaining provisions shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect.
29. Representation and Covenants. Grantor represents and covenants to Beneficiary:
29.1 Grantor is the owner of the Collateral free and clear of all liens and encumbrances.
29.2 The Collateral has not been used for the storage or disposal of "hazardous materials" (as defined
under applicable laws and regulations).
29.3 The Real Property is not a single-family, owner occupied dwelling; and Grantor does not intend to
occupy any dwelling on the Real Properties as Grantor’s residence.
29.4 This Trust Deed secures a loan, which was for business or commercial purposes only.
29.5 Grantor has full power and authority to own his property and assets and carry on his business as
now being conducted.
29.6 The Property and its present and intended use comply with all applicable laws and zoning
requirements.
PAGE 4 - DEED OF TRUST, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING

• 29.7 There are no "wetlands" (as defined under applicable laws and regulations).
29.8 Grantor is fully authorized to execute and deliver the Note and the Trust Deed and to perform the
temfs of this Agreement, none of which conflict with any provisions of law or regulations applicable to Grantor.
29.9 The Note and this Trust Deed are valid and binding legal obligations of Grantor are enforceable in
accordance with their terms.
29.10 The lien, secured interest and assignments created by the Trust Deed will, when recorded, be
valid, effective, properly perfected and enforceable liens, security interest and assignments.
29.11 The execution, delivery and performance by Grantor of the Note and Trust Deed will not result in
any breach of the terms or conditions of, or constitute a default under any agreement, or instrument under which
Grantor is a party or otherwise obligated.
29.12 All financial documents and information provided by Grantor to Beneficiary are true and correct and
fairly represent the current financial condition of Grantor. Grantor has no material liabilities, absolute, contingent or
otherwise, except as disclosed in writing to Beneficiary.
29.13 No action, suit or proceeding is pending or threatened against Grantor that may materially and
adversely effect the repayment of the Note and performance by Grantor under this Agreement or the financial
conditions, business or operations of Grantor.
29.14 Borrower shall maintain and preserve the Collateral in good repair and condition and shall correct
any defects or faults in the Collateral.
29 15 Borrower shall not commit, permit or suffer any demolition or waste of the Collateral or any use or
occupancy which constitutes a public or prfvate nuisance.
29.16 Borrower shall not do, permit or suffer to be done any act whereby the value of the Collateral may
be materially decreased.
29.17 Borrower shall not make any material alterations, improvements, additions, utility installments or
the like to the Collateral without the prior written consent of Benehciary, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed; provided, however, Grantor may make replacements or substitutions of any item of the personal
property if the replacement or substitution is of a quality, utility, value, condition and character similar to or better than
the replaced or substituted item and is free and clear of any lien, charge, securfty interest or encumbrance, except as
created or permitted by this Trust Deed.
30. Miscellaneous.
30.1 ln the event of legal action or suit related to or arising from this Agreement, the prevailing party
shall be entitled to recover, in addition to any other remedy or relief, their reasonable attomey fees as may be
established by the Court at trial or on appeal.
///
///
///
PAGE 5 - DEED OF TRUST, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING

30.2 If Beneficiary is made a Defendant to any litigation conceming this Deed of Trust or the trust estate
or any part hereof, Grantor shall indemnify, defend and hold Benenciary hannless from all liability relating to or arising
from such litigation, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by Beneficiary in any such litigation.
DATED this B3 day of April, 2008.
"Grantor"
STATE OF OREGON )
RESOURCES NORTHWEST, INC. 4 L/}¢;¢4.M,1..; ) ss.
County of Multnmnah- )
This instrument was acknowledged before me on
Bvi April :3, 2008, by   as
Its: £5{5 [gg M 1; of Resources Northwest, /nc..
{fz I  FFICIAL SEAL Z g Eg;   2 Q 3 2 1 :
  NOTA%YEgLT§URC?F%GON Notary Public fo e ate of Oregon
I ` COMMISSION NO. 405415
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES MAY 3, 2010
REQUEST FOR FULL RECONVEYANCE
TO: : Trustee
The undersigned is the legal owner and holder of all indebtedness secured by the foregoing trust deed. All
sums secured by the trust deed have been fully paid and satished. You hereby are directed, on payment to you of any
sums owing to you under the terms of the trust deed or pursuant to statute, to cancel all evidences of indebtedness
secured by the trust deed (which are delivered to you herewith together with the trust deed) and to reconvey, without
warranty, to the parties designated by the terms of the trust deed and estate now held by you under the same. Mail
reconveyance documents to .
DATED: .
 
PAGE 6 · DEED OF TRUST, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING

I EXHIBIT "A"
Real property in the County of Lincoln, State of Oregon, described as follows:
That part of U.S. Lot 8, in Section 11, Township 7 South, Range 11 West, Willamette Meridian, in Lincoln County,
Oregon, described as follows:
Beginning at a point that is 582.3 feet South and 272.8 feet East of the corner common to Sections 2, 3, 10 and 11 in
said township and range; thence East 50 feet; thence North 75 feet; thence West 50 feet; thence South 75 feet to the
point of beginning, in Lincoln County, Oregon.
PAGE 7 - DEED OF TRUST, ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FIXTURE FILING

