I
7C) 5?" I   Tillamook County Oregon
04/01/2008 11 :18:35 AM  
MTG-TD
RECORDATION REQUESTED BY: $40.00 $11.00 $10.00 - Total = $61.00
Bank of Astoria
Main Branch
1122 Duane Street
P.O. Box 28
As101.1a’OR 97103 00072285200800023910080088
1 hireby certify that the Mthln
ns rument was recelved for record d
WHEN RECORDED MAIL TO: recorded In the County of Tlllamookan
Bank of Astoria State of Oregon. l
Main Branch .1. . O, . .
1122 Duane 511881 assi Neil, Tillamook County Clerk
P.O. Box 28
Astoria, OR 97103
SEND TAX NOTICES TO:
Bank of Astoria
Main Branch
1122 Duane Street
P.O. Box 28 `
Astoria, OR 97103 SPACE ABOVE THIS LINE IS FOR RECORDER’S USE ONLY
DEED OF TRUST
THIS DEED OF TRUST is dated March 18, 2008, among Francee I. McDonnell , whose address is 1683 NW
Rolling Hills Drive , Beaverton , OR 97006 ("Grantor"); Bank of Astoria, whose address is Main Branch, 1122
Duane Street, P.O. Box 28, Astoria, OR 97103 (referred to below sometimes as "Lender" and sometimes as
"Beneficiary"); and Pacific Title Company, whose address is P.O. Box 2488, Gearhart, OR 97138 (referred to
below as "Trustee").
CONVEYANCE AND GRANT. For valuable consideration, represented in the Note dated March 18, 2008, in the original principal amount of
$30,000.00, from Grantor to Lender, Grantor conveys to Trustee for the benefit of Lender as Beneficiary all of Grantor’s right, title, and interest in
and to the following described real property, together with all existing or subsequently erected or affixed buildings, improvements and fixtures; all
easements, rights of way, and appurtenances; all water, water rights and ditch rights (including stock in utilities with ditch or irrigation rights); and all
other rights, royalties, and profits relating to the real property, including without limitation all minerals, oil, gas, geothermal and similar matters, (the
"Real Property") located in Tillamook County, State of Oregon:
Lot 17, BAY PLACE, in Tillamook County, Oregon
The Real Property or its address is commonly known as 35365 Swan Ave , Nehalem , OR 97131. The Real
Property tax identification number is 408729.
Grantor presently assigns to Lender (also known as Beneficiary in this Deed of Trust) all of Grantor’s right, title, and interest in and to all present and
future leases of the Property and all Rents from the Property. In addition, Grantor grants to Lender a Uniform Commercial Code security interest in the
Personal Property and Rents.
THIS DEED OF TRUST, INCLUDING THE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE RENTS AND PERSONAL
PROPERTY, IS GIVEN TO SECURE (A) PAYMENT OF THE INDEBTEDNESS AND (B) PERFORMANCE OF ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS
UNDER THE NOTE, THE RELATED DOCUMENTS, AND THIS DEED OF TRUST. THIS DEED OF TRUST IS GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE
FOLLOWING TERMS:
PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall pay to Lender all amounts secured by this Deed of
Trust as they become due, and shall strictly and in a timely manner perform all of Grantor’s obligations under the Note, this Deed of Trust, and the I
Related Documents.
POSSESSION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE PROPERTY. Grantor agrees that Grantor’s possession and use of the Property shall be governed by the
following provisions:
Possession and Use. Until the occurrence of an Event of Default, Grantor may (1) remain in possession and control of the Property; (2) use,
operate or manage the Property; and (3) collect the Rents from the Property. The following provisions relate to the use of the Property or to other
limitations on the Property. BEFORE SIGNING OR ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON TRANSFERRING FEE TITLE SHOULD
INOIJIRE ABOUT THE PERSONS RIGHTS, IF ANY, UNDER ORS 197.352. THIS INSTRUMENT DOES NOT ALLOW USE OF THE PROPERTY
DESCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT IN VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAND USE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. BEFORE SIGNING OR
ACCEPTING THIS INSTRUMENT, THE PERSON ACOUIRING FEE TITLE TO THE PROPERTY SHOULD CHECK WITH THE APPROPRIATE CITY
OR COUNTY PLANNING DEPARTMENT TO VERIFY APPROVED USES, TO DETERMINE ANY LIMITS ON LAWSUITS AGAINST FARMING OR
FOREST PRACTICES AS DEFINED IN ORS 30.930, AND TO INQUIRE ABOUT THE RIGHTS OF NEIGHBORING PROPERTY OWNERS, IF ANY,
UNDER ORS 197.352. .
Duty to Maintain. Grantor shall maintain the Property in good condition and promptly perform all repairs, replacements, and maintenance
necessary to preserve its value.
Compliance With Environmental Laws. Grantor represents and warrants to Lender that: (1) During the period of Grantor’s ownership of the
Property, there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous
Substance by any person on, under, about or from the Property; (2) Grantor has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that there has been,
except as previously disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, (a) any breach or violation of any Environmental Laws, (b) any use,
generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from the

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No; 5513071994 (Continued) Page 2
 
Property by any prior owners or occupants of the Property, or (c) any actual or threatened litigation or claims of any kind by any person relating
to such matters; and (3) Except as previously disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, (a) neither Grantor nor any tenant,
contractor, agent or other authorized user of the Property shall use, generate, manufacture, store, treat, dispose of or release any Hazardous
Substance on, under, about or from the Property; and (b) any such activity shall be conducted in compliance with all applicable federal, state,
and local laws, regulations and ordinances, including without limitation all Environmental Laws. Grantor authorizes Lender and its agents to enter
upon the Property to make such inspections and tests, at Grantor’s expense, as Lender may deem appropriate to determine compliance of the
Property with this section of the Deed of Trust. Any inspections or tests made by Lender shall be for Lender’s purposes only and shall not be
construed to create any responsibility or liability on the part of Lender to Grantor or to any other person. The representations and warranties
contained herein are based on Grantor’s due diligence in investigating the Property for Hazardous Substances. Grantor hereby (1) releases and
waives any future claims against Lender for indemnity or contribution in the event Grantor becomes liable for cleanup or other costs under any
such laws; and (2) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Lender against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, and
expenses which Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or suffer resulting from a breach of this section of the Deed of Trust or as a consequence
of any use, generation, manufacture, storage, disposal, release or threatened release occurring prior to Grantor’s ownership or interest in the
Property, whether or not the same was or should have been known to Grantor. The provisions of this section of the Deed of Trust, including the
obligation to indemnify and defend, shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness and the satisfaction and reconveyance of the lien of this Deed
of Trust and shall not be affected by Lender’s acquisition of any interest in the Property, whether by foreclosure or otherwise.
Nuisance, Waste. Grantor shall not cause, conduct or permit any nuisance nor commit, permit, or suffer any stripping of or waste on or to the
Property or any portion of the Property. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Grantor will not remove, or grant to any other party the
right to remove, any timber, minerals (including oil and gas), coal, clay, scoria, soil, gravel or rock products without Lender’s prior written consent.
Removal of Improvements. Grantor shall not demolish or remove any Improvements from the Real Property without Lender’s prior written
consent. As a condition to the removal of any Improvements, Lender may require Grantor to make arrangements satisfactory to Lender to replace
such improvements with improvements of at least equal value. l
Lender’s Right to Enter. Lender and Lender’s agents and representatives may enter upon the Real Property at all reasonable times to attend to
Lender’s interests and to inspect the Real Property for purposes of Grantor's compliance with the terms and conditions of this Deed of Trust.
Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Grantor shall promptly comply with all laws, ordinances, and regulations, now or hereafter in
effect, of all governmental authorities applicable to the use or occupancy of the Property. Grantor may contest in good faith any such law,
ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during any proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Grantor has notified Lender in
writing prior to doing so and so long as, in Lender’s sole opinion, Lender’s interests in the Property are not jeopardized. Lender may require
Grantor to post adequate security or a surety bond, reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender’s interest.
Duty to Protect. Grantor agrees neither to abandon or leave unattended the Property. Grantor shall do all other acts, in addition to those acts set
forth above in this section, which from the character and use ofthe Property are reasonably necessary to protect and preserve the Property.
DUE ON SALE - CONSENT BY LENDER. Lender may, at Lender’s option, declare immediately due and payable all sums secured by this Deed of
Trust upon the sale or transfer, without Lender’s prior written consent, of all or any part of the Real Property, or any interest in the Real Property. A "sale
or transfer" means the conveyance of Real Property or any right, title or interest in the Real Property; whether legal, beneficial or equitable; whether
voluntary or involuntary; whether by outright sale, deed, installment sale contract, land contract, contract for deed, leasehold interest with a term greater
than three (3) years, lease—option contract, or by sale, assignment, or transfer of any beneficial interest in or to any land trust holding title to the Real
Property, or by any other method of conveyance of an interest in the Real Property. However, this option shall not be exercised by Lender if such
exercise is prohibited by federal law or by Oregon law.
TAXES AND LIENS. The following provisions relating to the taxes and liens on the Property are part of this Deed of Trust:
Payment. Grantor shall pay when due (and in all events prior to delinquency) all taxes, special taxes, assessments, charges (including water and
sewer), fines and impositions levied against or on account of the Property, and shall pay when due all claims for work done on or for services
rendered or material furnished to the Property. Grantor shall maintain the Property free of all liens having priority over or equal to the interest of
Lender under this Deed of Trust, except for the lien of taxes and assessments not due and except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust.
Right to Contest. Grantor may withhold payment of any tax, assessment, or claim in connection with a good faith dispute over the obligation to
pay, so long as Lender’s interest in the Property is not jeopardized. If a lien arises or is filed as a result of nonpayment, Grantor shall within fifteen
(15) days after the lien arises or, if a lien is filed, within fifteen (15) days after Grantor has notice of the filing, secure the discharge of the lien, or if
requested by Lender, deposit with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender in an amount sufficient
to discharge the lien plus any costs and attorneys’ fees, or other charges that could accrue as a result of a foreclosure or sale under the lien. ln i
any contest, Grantor shall defend itself and Lender and shall satisfy any adverse judgment before enforcement against the Property. Grantor shall
name Lender as an additional obligee under any surety bond furnished in the contest proceedings.
Evidence of Payment. Grantor shall upon demand furnish to Lender satisfactory evidence of payment of the taxes or assessments and shall
authorize the appropriate governmental official to deliver to Lender at any time a written statement of the taxes and assessments against the
Property.
Notice of Construction. Grantor shall notify Lender at least fifteen (15) days before any work is commenced, any services are furnished, or any ,
materials are supplied to the Property, if any mechanics lien, materialmen's lien, or other lien could be asserted on account of the work, services,
or materials and the cost exceeds $5000. Grantor will upon request of Lender furnish to Lender advance assurances satisfactory to Lender that
Grantor can and will pay the cost of such improvements.
PROPERTY DAMAGE INSURANCE. The following provisions relating to insuring the Property are a part of this Deed of Trust.
Maintenance of Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain policies of fire insurance with standard extended coverage endorsements on a
replacement basis for the full insurable value covering all Improvements on the Real Property in an amount sufficient to avoid application of any
coinsurance clause, and with a standard mortgagee clause in favor of Lender, together with such other hazard and liability insurance as Lender
may reasonably require. Policies shall be written in form, amounts, coverages and basis reasonably acceptable to Lender and issued by a
company or companies reasonably acceptable to Lender. Grantor, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to time the policies or
certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that coverages will not be cancelled or diminished without at least ten
(10) days prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance policy also shall include an endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will
not be impaired in any way by any act, omission or default of Grantor or any other person. Should the Real Property be located in an area
designated by the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard area, Grantor agrees to obtain and maintain
Federal Flood Insurance, if available, within 45 days after notice is given by Lender that the Property is located in a special flood hazard area, for

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 5513071994 (Continued) Page 3
 
the full unpaid principal balance of the loan and any prior liens on the property securing the loan, up to the maximum policy limits set under the
National Flood Insurance Program, or as otherwise required by Lender, and to maintain such insurance for the term of the loan.
Application of Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly notify Lender of any loss or damage to the Property if the estimated cost of repair or
replacement exceeds $1000. Lender may make proof of loss if Grantor fails to do so within fifteen (15) days of the casualty. Whether or not
Lender’s security is impaired, Lender may, at Lender’s election, receive and retain the proceeds of any insurance and apply the proceeds to the
reduction of the Indebtedness, payment of any lien affecting the Property, or the restoration and repair of the Property. lf Lender elects to apply
the proceeds to restoration and repair, Grantor shall repair or replace the damaged or destroyed Improvements in a manner satisfactory to Lender.
Lender shall, upon satisfactory proof of such expenditure, pay or reimburse Grantor from the proceeds for the reasonable cost of repair or
restoration if Grantor is not in default under this Deed of Trust. Any proceeds which have not been disbursed within 180 days after their receipt
and which Lender has not committed to the repair or restoration of the Property shall be used first to pay any amount owing to Lender under this
Deed of Trust, then to pay accrued interest, and the remainder, if any, shall be applied to the principal balance of the Indebtedness. lf Lender
holds any proceeds after payment in full of the Indebtedness, such proceeds shall be paid to Grantor as Grantor’s interests may appear.
Compliance with Existing Indebtedness. During the period in which any Existing Indebtedness described below is in effect, compliance with the
insurance provisions contained in the instrument evidencing such Existing Indebtedness shall constitute compliance with the insurance provisions
under this Deed of Trust, to the extent compliance with the terms of this Deed of Trust would constitute a duplication of insurance requirement. If
any proceeds from the insurance become payable on loss, the provisions in this Deed ot Trust for division of proceeds shall apply only to that
portion of the proceeds not payable to the holder of the Existing Indebtedness.
LENDER’S EXPENDITURES. If Grantor fails (A) to keep the Property free of all taxes, liens, security interests, encumbrances, and other claims, (B)
to provide any required insurance on the Property, (C) to make repairs to the Property or to comply with any obligation to maintain Existing
Indebtedness in good standing as required below, then Lender may do so. If any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect
Lender’s interests in the Property, then Lender on Grantor’s behalf may, but is not required to, take any action that Lender believes to be appropriate to
protect Lender’s interests. All expenses incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes will then bear interest at the rate charged under the Note from
the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Grantor. All such expenses will become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lender’s
option, will (A) be payable on demand; (B) be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment
payments to become due during either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining term of the Note; or (C) be treated as a
balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Note’s maturity. The Deed of Trust also will secure payment of these amounts. The rights
provided for in this paragraph shall be in addition to any other rights or any remedies to which Lender may be entitled on account of any default. Any
such action by Lender shall not be construed as curing the default so as to bar Lender from any remedy that it othen/vise would have had.
WARRANTY; DEFENSE OF TITLE. The following provisions relating to ownership of the Property are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Title. Grantor warrants that: (a) Grantor holds good and marketable title of record to the Property in fee simple, free and clear of all liens and
encumbrances other than those set forth in the Real Property description or in the Existing Indebtedness section below or in any title insurance
policy, title report, or final title opinion issued in favor of, and accepted by, Lender in connection with this Deed of Trust, and (b) Grantor has the
full right, power, and authority to execute and deliver this Deed of Trust to Lender.
Defense of Title. Subject to the exception in the paragraph above, Grantor warrants and will forever defend the title to the Property against the
lawful claims of all persons. ln the event any action or proceeding is commenced that questions Grantor’s title or the interest of Trustee or Lender
under this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall defend the action at Grantor’s expense. Grantor may be the nominal party in such proceeding, but Lender
shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel of Lender’s own choice, and Grantor will
deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lender such instruments as Lender may request from time to time to permit such participation.
Compliance With Laws. Grantor warrants that the Property and Grantor’s use of the Property complies with all existing applicable laws,
ordinances, and regulations of governmental authorities.
Survival of Promises. All promises, agreements, and statements Grantor has made in this Deed of Trust shall survive the execution and delivery
of this Deed of Trust, shall be continuing in nature and shall remain in full force and effect until such time as Grantor’s Indebtedness is paid in full.
EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS. The following provisions concerning Existing Indebtedness are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Existing Lien. The lien of this Deed of Trust securing the Indebtedness may be secondary and inferior to an existing lien. Grantor expressly
covenants and agrees to pay, or see to the payment of, the Existing Indebtedness and to prevent any default on such indebtedness, any default
under the instruments evidencing such indebtedness, or any default under any security documents for such indebtedness.
No Modification. Grantor shall not enter into any agreement with the holder of any mortgage, deed of trust, or other security agreement which
has priority over this Deed of Trust by which that agreement is modified, amended, extended, or renewed without the prior written consent of
Lender. Grantor shall neither request nor accept any future advances under any such security agreement without the prior written consent of
Lender.
CONDEMNATION. The following provisions relating to condemnation proceedings are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Proceedings. If any proceeding in condemnation is filed, Grantor shall promptly notify Lender in writing, and Grantor shall promptly take such
steps as may be necessary to defend the action and obtain the award. Grantor may be the nominal party in such proceeding, but Lender shall be
entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel of its own choice, and Grantor will deliver or cause to
be delivered to Lender such instruments and documentation as may be requested by Lender from time to time to permit such participation.
Application of Net Proceeds. It all or any part of the Property is condemned by eminent domain proceedings or by any proceeding or purchase
in lieu of condemnation, Lender may at its election require that all or any portion of the net proceeds of the award be applied to the Indebtedness
or the repair or restoration of the Property. The net proceeds of the award shall mean the award after payment of all reasonable costs, expenses,
and attorneys’ fees incurred by Trustee or Lender in connection with the condemnation.
IMPOSITION OF TAXES, FEES AND CHARGES BY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. The following provisions relating to governmental taxes, fees
and charges are a pant of this Deed of Trust:
Current Taxes, Fees and Charges. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall execute such documents in addition to this Deed of Trust and take
whatever other action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender’s lien on the Real Property. Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all
taxes, as described below, together with all expenses incurred in recording, perfecting or continuing this Deed of Trust, including without limitation
all taxes, fees, documentary stamps, and other charges for recording or registering this Deed of Trust.
Taxes. The following shall constitute taxes to which this section applies: (1) a specific tax upon this type of Deed of Trust or upon all or any part

‘ DEED OF TRUST
Loan No; 5513071994 (Continued) Page 4
 
of the Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust; (2) a specific tax on Grantor which Grantor is authorized or required to deduct from
payments on the Indebtedness secured by this type of Deed of Trust; (3) a tax on this type of Deed of Trust chargeable against the Lender or the
holder of the Note; and (4) a specific tax on all or any portion of the Indebtedness or on payments of principal and interest made by Grantor.
Subsequent Taxes. lf any tax to which this section applies is enacted subsequent to the date of this Deed of Trust, this event shall have the same
effect as an Event of Default, and Lender may exercise any or all of its available remedies for an Event of Default as provided below unless Grantor
either (1) pays the tax before it becomes delinquent, or (2) contests the tax as provided above in the Taxes and Liens section and deposits with
Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactow to Lender.
SECURITY AGREEMENT; FINANCING STATEMENTS. The following provisions relating to this Deed of Trust as a security agreement are a part of
this Deed of Trust:
Security Agreement. This instrument shall constitute a Security Agreement to the extent any of the Property constitutes fixtures, and Lender shall
have all of the rights of a secured pany under the Uniform Commercial Code as amended from time to time.
Security Interest. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall take whatever action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender’s security
interest in the Personal Property. In addition to recording this Deed of Trust in the real property records, Lender may, at any time and without
further authorization from Grantor, file executed counterparts, copies or reproductions of this Deed of Trust as a financing statement. Grantor shall
reimburse Lender for all expenses incurred in perfecting or continuing this security interest. Upon default, Grantor shall not remove, sever or
detach the Personal Property from the Property. Upon default, Grantor shall assemble any Personal Property not affixed to the Property in a
manner and at a place reasonably convenient to Grantor and Lender and make it available to Lender within three (3) days after receipt of written
demand from Lender to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Addresses. The mailing addresses of Grantor (debtor) and Lender (secured party) from which information concerning the security interest
granted by this Deed of Trust may be obtained (each as required by the Uniform Commercial Code) are as stated on the first page of this Deed of
Trust.
FURTHER ASSURANCES; ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. The following provisions relating to further assurances and attorney-in-fact are a part of this Deed
of Trust:
Further Assurances. At any time, and from time to time, upon request of Lender, Grantor will make, execute and deliver, or will cause to be
made, executed or delivered, to Lender or to Lender’s designee, and when requested by Lender, cause to be filed, recorded, refiled, or
rerecorded, as the case may be, at such times and in such offices and places as Lender may deem appropriate, any and all such mortgages,
deeds of trust, security deeds, security agreements, financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance, certificates,
and other documents as may, in the sole opinion of Lender, be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate, complete, perfect, continue, or
preserve (1) Grantor’s obligations under the Note, this Deed of Trust, and the Related Documents, and (2) the liens and security interests
created by this Deed of Trust as first and prior liens on the Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by Grantor. Unless prohibited by
law or Lender agrees to the contrary in writing, Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the matters
referred to in this paragraph.
Attorney-in-Fact. If Grantor fails to do any of the things referred to in the preceding paragraph, Lender may do so for and in the name of Grantor
and at Grantor’s expense. For such purposes, Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints Lender as Grantor’s attorney-in-fact for the purpose of
making, executing, delivering, filing, recording, and doing all other things as may be necessary or desirable, in Lender’s sole opinion, to
accomplish the matters referred to in the preceding paragraph.
FULL PERFORMANCE. lf Grantor pays all the Indebtedness when due, and othenrvise performs all the obligations imposed upon Grantor under this
Deed of Trust, Lender shall execute and deliver to Trustee a request for full reconveyance and shall execute and deliver to Grantor suitable statements
of termination of any financing statement on file evidencing Lender’s security interest in the Rents and the Personal Property. Any reconveyance fee
required by law shall be paid by Grantor, if permitted by applicable law.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT. At Lender’s option, Grantor will be in default under this Deed of Trust if any of the following happen:
Payment Default. Grantor fails to make any payment when due under the Indebtedness.
Break Other Promises. Grantor breaks any promise made to Lender or fails to perform promptly at the time and strictly in the manner provided in
this Deed of Trust or in any agreement related to this Deed of Trust.
Compliance Default. Failure to comply with any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Deed of Trust, the Note or in any of
the Related Documents.
Default on Other Payments. Failure of Grantor within the time required by this Deed of Trust to make any payment for taxes or insurance, or any
other payment necessary to prevent filing of or to effect discharge of any lien.
False Statements. Any representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Grantor or on Grantor’s behalf under this Deed of Trust or the
Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished.
Defective Collateralization. This Deed of Trust or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of any
collateral document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any time and for any reason.
Death or Insolvency. The death of Grantor, the insolvency of Grantor, the appointment of a receiver for any part of Grantor’s property, any
assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency
laws by or against Grantor.
Taking of the Property. Any creditor or governmental agency tries to take any of the Property or any other of Grantor’s property in which Lender
has a lien. This includes taking of, garnishing of or Ievying on Grantor’s accounts with Lender. However, if Grantor disputes in good faith whether
the claim on which the taking of the Property is based is valid or reasonable, and if Grantor gives Lender written notice of the claim and furnishes
Lender with monies or a surety bond satisfactory to Lender to satisfy the claim, then this default provision will not apply.
Breach of Other Agreement. Any breach by Grantor under the terms of any other agreement between Grantor and Lender that is not remedied
within any grace period provided therein, including without limitation any agreement concerning any indebtedness or other obligation of Grantor to
Lender, whether existing now or later.
Events Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party of any
of the Indebtedness or any guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party dies or becomes incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 5513071994 (Continued) Page 5
 
of, or liability under, any Guaranty of the Indebtedness. In the event of a death, Lender, at its option, may, but shall not be required to, permit the
guarantor’s estate to assume unconditionally the obligations arising under the guaranty in a manner satisfactory to Lender, and, in doing so, cure
any Event of Default.
insecurity. Lender in good faith believes itself insecure.
Existing Indebtedness. The payment of any installment of principal or any interest on the Existing Indebtedness is not made within the time
required by the promissory note evidencing such indebtedness, or a default occurs under the instrument securing such indebtedness and is not
cured during any applicable grace period in such instrument, or any suit or other action is commenced to foreclose any existing lien on the
Property.
Right to Cure. lf any default, other than a default in payment is curable and if Grantor has not been given a notice of a breach of the same
provision of this Deed of Trust within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured if Grantor, after receiving written notice from Lender
demanding cure of such default: (1) cures the default within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than fifteen (15) days, immediately
initiates steps which Lender deems in Lender's sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter continues and completes all
reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical.
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. lf an Event of Default occurs under this Deed of Trust, at any time thereafter, Trustee or Lender may exercise
any one or more of the following rights and remedies:
Election of Remedies. All of Lender's rights and remedies will be cumulative and may be exercised alone or together. An election by Lender to
choose any one remedy will not bar Lender from using any other remedy. lf Lender decides to spend money or to perform any of Grantor’s
obligations under this Deed of Trust, after Grantor‘s failure to do so, that decision by Lender will not affect Lender’s right to declare Grantor in
default and to exercise Lender’s remedies.
Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender shall have the right at its option without notice to Grantor to declare the entire Indebtedness immediately due
and payable, including any prepayment penalty which Grantor would be required to pay.
Foreclosure. With respect to all or any part of the Real Property, the Trustee shall have the right to foreclose by notice and sale, and Lender shall
have the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to the full extent provided by applicable law. If this Deed
of Trust is foreclosed by judicial foreclosure, Lender will be entitled to a judgment which will provide that if the foreclosure sale proceeds are
insufficient to satisfy the judgment, execution may issue for the amount of the unpaid balance of the judgment.
UCC Remedies. With respect to all or any part of the Personal Property, Lender shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party under
the Uniform Commercial Code.
Collect Rents. Lender shall have the right, without notice to Grantor to take possession of and manage the Property and collect the Rents,
including amounts past due and unpaid, and apply the net proceeds, over and above Lender’s costs, against the Indebtedness. In furtherance of
this right, Lender may require any tenant or other user of the Property to make payments of rent or use fees directly to Lender. lf the Rents are
collected by Lender, then Grantor irrevocably designates Lender as Grantor's attorney-in-fact to endorse instruments received in payment thereof
in the name of Grantor and to negotiate the same and collect the proceeds. Payments by tenants or other users to Lender in response to Lender’s
demand shall satisfy the obligations for which the payments are made, whether or not any proper grounds for the demand existed. Lender may
exercise its rights under this subparagraph either in person, by agent, or through a receiver.
Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to take possession of all or any part of the Property, with the power to
protect and preserve the Property, to operate the Property preceding foreclosure or sale, and to collect the Rents from the Property and apply the
proceeds, over and above the cost of the receivership, against the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without bond if permitted by law.
Lender's right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the Property exceeds the Indebtedness by a
substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from sewing as a receiver.
Tenancy at Sufferance. lf Grantor remains in possession of the Property after the Property is sold as provided above or Lender otherwise
becomes entitled to possession of the Property upon default of Grantor, Grantor shall become a tenant at sufferance of Lender or the purchaser of
the Property and shall, at Lender's option, either (1) pay a reasonable rental for the use of the Property, or (2) vacate the Property immediately
upon the demand of Lender.
Other Remedies. Trustee or Lender shall have any other right or remedy provided in this Deed of Trust or the Note or available at law or in
equity.
Notice of Sale. Lender shall give Grantor reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale of the Personal Property or of the time after
which any private sale or other intended disposition of the Personal Property is to be made. Reasonable notice shall mean notice given at least
fifteen (15) days before the time of the sale or disposition. Any sale of the Personal Property may be made in conjunction with any sale of the Real
Property.
Sale of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Grantor hereby waives any and all rights to have the Property marshalled. In
exercising its rights and remedies, the Trustee or Lender shall be free to sell all or any part of the Property together or separately, in one sale or by
separate sales. Lender shall be entitled to bid at any public sale on all or any portion of the Property.
Attorneys’ Fees; Expenses. lf Lender institutes any suit or action to enforce any of the terms of this Deed of Trust, Lender shall be entitled to
recover such sum as the court may adjudge reasonable as attorneys‘ fees at trial and upon any appeal. Whether or not any court action is
involved, and to the extent not prohibited by law, all reasonable expenses Lender incurs that in Lender's opinion are necessary at any time for the
protection of its interest or the enforcement of its rights shall become a part of the Indebtedness payable on demand and shall bear interest at the
Note rate from the date of the expenditure until repaid. Expenses covered by this paragraph include, without limitation, however subject to any
limits under applicable law, Lender's attorneys’ fees and Lender’s legal expenses, whether or not there is a lawsuit, including attorneys` fees and
expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated
post—judgment collection services, the cost of searching records, obtaining title reports (including foreclosure reports), surveyors’ reports, and
appraisal fees, title insurance, and fees for the Trustee, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Grantor also will pay any court costs, in addition
to all other sums provided by law.
Rights of Trustee. Trustee shall have all of the rights and duties of Lender as set forth in this section.
POWERS AND OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE. The following provisions relating to the powers and obligations of Trustee are part of this Deed of Trust:
Powers of Trustee. In addition to all powers of Trustee arising as a matter of law, Trustee shall have the power to take the following actions with

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 5513071994 (Corltlnued) Page 6
 
respect to the Property upon the written request of Lender and Grantor: (a) join in preparing and filing a map or plat of the Real Property,
including the dedication of streets or other rights to the public; (b) join in granting any easement or creating any restriction on the Real Property;
and (c) join in any subordination or other agreement affecting this Deed of Trust or the interest of Lender under this Deed of Trust.
Obligations to Notify. Trustee shall not be obligated to notify any other party of a pending sale under any other trust deed or lien, or of any action
or proceeding in which Grantor, Lender, or Trustee shall be a party, unless the action or proceeding is brought by Trustee.
Trustee. Trustee shall meet all qualifications required for Trustee under applicable law. In addition to the rights and remedies set forth above,
with respect to all or any part of the Property, the Trustee shall have the right to foreclose by notice and sale, and Lender will have the right to
foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to the full extent provided by applicable law.
Successor Trustee. Lender, at Lender’s option, may from time to time appoint a successor Trustee to any Trustee appointed under this Deed of
Trust by an instrument executed and acknowledged by Lender and recorded in the office of the recorder of Tillamook County, State of Oregon.
The instrument shall contain, in addition to all other matters required by state law, the names of the original Lender, Trustee, and Grantor, the book
and page where this Deed of Trust is recorded, and the name and address of the successor trustee, and the instrument shall be executed and
acknowledged by Lender or its successors in interest. The successor trustee, without conveyance of the Property, shall succeed to all the title,
power, and duties conferred upon the Trustee in this Deed of Trust and by applicable law. This procedure for substitution of Trustee shall govern
to the exclusion of all other provisions for substitution.
NOTICES. Any notice required to be given under this Deed of Trust, including without limitation any notice of default and any notice of sale shall be
given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually received by telefacsimile (unless othenivise required by law), when
deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if mailed, when deposited in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail
postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this Deed of Trust. All copies of notices of foreclosure from the holder of any
lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust shall be sent to Lender‘s address, as shown near the beginning of this Deed of Trust. Any person may
change his or her address for notices under this Deed of Trust by giving formal written notice to the other person or persons, specifying that the
purpose of the notice is to change the person’s address. For notice purposes, Grantor agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of Grantor‘s current
address. Unless othenivise provided or required by law, if there is more than one Grantor, any notice given by Lender to any Grantor is deemed to be
notice given to all Grantors. It will be Grantor's responsibility to tell the others of the notice from Lender.
CREDIT REVIEW. Lender may, from time to time and at any time, review Borrower’s and each Guarantor’s creditvvorthiness and the basis for Lender’s
credit accommodations to Borrower. ln connection with any such review, Borrower will furnish and will cause any Guarantor to furnish Lender with any
information regarding Borrower’s or any Guarantor’s financial condition and business operations which Lender requests. This may include, but is not
limited to, financial statements, tax returns, lists of assets and liabilities, agings of accounts receivable and payable, inventory schedules, equipment
lists, budgets and forecasts. If Lender determines that there has been a material adverse change in the financial condition of Borrower or any
Guarantor or if any other Event of Default has occurred, Lender may, at its option, exercise any of the default remedies available to Lender.
MATURITY DATE . This Deed of Trust Matures on March 10, 2014.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Amendments. What is written in this Deed of Trust and in the Related Documents is Grantor’s entire agreement with Lender concerning the
matters covered by this Deed of Trust. To be effective, any change or amendment to this Deed of Trust must be in writing and must be signed by
whoever will be bound or obligated by the change or amendment.
Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Deed of Trust are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the
provisions of this Deed of Trust.
Merger. There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Deed of Trust with any other interest or estate in the Property at any
time held by or for the benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent of Lender.
` Governing Law. This Deed of Trust will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted by federal law,
the laws of the State of Oregon without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. This Deed of Trust has been accepted by Lender in the
State of Oregon. ·
No Waiver by Lender. Grantor understands Lender will not give up any of Lender’s rights under this Deed of Trust unless Lender does so in
writing. The fact that Lender delays or omits to exercise any right will not mean that Lender has given up that right. If Lender does agree in writing
to give up one of Lender’s rights, that does not mean Grantor will not have to comply with the other provisions of this Deed of Trust. Grantor also
understands that if Lender does consent to a request, that does not mean that Grantor will not have to get Lender’s consent again if the situation
happens again. Grantor further understands that just because Lender consents to one or more of Grantor’s requests, that does not mean Lender
will be required to consent to any of Grantor's future requests. Grantor waives presentment, demand for payment, protest, and notice of dishonor.
Severability. If a court finds that any provision of this Deed of Trust is not valid or should not be enforced, that fact by itself will not mean that the
rest of this Deed of Trust will not be valid or enforced. Therefore, a court will enforce the rest of the provisions of this Deed of Trust even if a
provision of this Deed of Trust may be found to be invalid or unenforceable.
Successors and Assigns. Subject to any limitations stated in this Deed of Trust on transfer of Grantor‘s interest, this Deed of Trust shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the panties, their successors and assigns. lf ownership of the Property becomes vested in a person other
than Grantor, Lender, without notice to Grantor, may deal with Grantor's successors with reference to this Deed of Trust and the Indebtedness by
way of forbearance or extension without releasing Grantor from the obligations of this Deed of Trust or liability under the Indebtedness.
Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Deed of Trust.
Waiver of Homestead Exemption. Grantor hereby releases and waives all rights and benefits of the homestead exemption laws of the State of
Oregon as to all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust.
DEFINITIONS. The following words shall have the following meanings when used in this Deed of Trust:
Beneficiary. The word "Beneficiary" means Bank of Astoria, and its successors and assigns.
Borrower. The word "Borrower" means Francee l. McDonnell and includes all co—signers and co-makers signing the Note and all their
successors and assigns.
Deed of Trust. The words "Deed of Trust" mean this Deed of Trust among Grantor, Lender, and Trustee, and includes without limitation all
assignment and security interest provisions relating to the Personal Property and Rents.

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 5513071994 (COniInu6d) Page 7
 
Environmental Laws. The words "Environmental Laws" mean any and all state, federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances relating to
the protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. ("CERCLA"), the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub.
L. No. 99-499 ("SARA"), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery
Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws, rules, or regulations adopted pursuant thereto or intended to protect
` human health or the environment.
Event of Default. The words "Event of Default" mean any of the events of default set forth in this Deed of Trust in the events of default section of
this Deed of Trust.
Existing Indebtedness. The words "Existing Indebtedness" mean the indebtedness described in the Existing Liens provision of this Deed of
Trust.
Grantor. The word "Grantor" means Francee I. McDonnell .
Guaranty. The word "Guaranty" means the guaranty from guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party to Lender, including without
limitation a guaranty of all or pan of the Note.
Hazardous Substances. The words "Hazardous Substances" mean materials that, because of their quantity, concentration or physical, chemical
or infectious characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when improperly used, treated,
stored, disposed of, generated, manufactured, transported or othenrvise handled. The words "Hazardous Substances" are used in their very
broadest sense and include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or waste as defined by or listed under the
Environmental Laws. The term "Hazardous Substances" also includes, without limitation, petroleum, including crude oil and any fraction thereof
and asbestos.
Improvements. The word "lmprovements" means all existing and future improvements, buildings, structures, mobile homes affixed on the Real
Property, facilities, additions, replacements and other construction on the Real Propeny.
Indebtedness. The word "Indebtedness" means all principal, interest, and other amounts, costs and expenses payable under the Note or Related
Documents, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, consolidations of and substitutions for the Note or Related Documents
and any amounts expended or advanced by Lender to discharge Grantor’s obligations or expenses incurred by Trustee or Lender to enforce
Grantor’s obligations under this Deed of Trust, together with interest on such amounts as provided in this Deed of Trust.
Lender. The word "Lender" means Bank of Astoria, its successors and assigns. The words "successors or assigns" mean any person or company
that acquires any interest in the Note.
Note. The word "Note" means the promissory note dated March 18, 2008, in the original principal amount of $30,000.00 from
Grantor to Lender, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the
promissory note or agreement. The maturity date of the Note is March 10, 2014.
Personal Property. The words "Personal Property" mean all equipment, fixtures, and other articles of personal property now or hereafter owned
by Grantor, and now or hereafter attached or affixed to the Real Property; together with all accessions, parts, and additions to, all replacements of,
and all substitutions for, any of such property; and together with all proceeds (including without limitation all insurance proceeds and refunds of
premiums) from any sale or other disposition of the Propeny.
Property. The word "Propeny" means collectively the Real Property and the Personal Property.
Real Property. The words "Real Property" mean the real property, interests and rights, as further described in this Deed of Trust.
Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental
agreements, guaranties, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments,
agreements and documents, whether now or hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness.
Rents. The word "Rents" means all present and future rents, revenues, income, issues, royalties, profits, and other benefits derived from the
Propeny.
Trustee. The word "Trustee" means Pacific Title Company, whose address is P.O. Box 2488, Gearhart, OR 97138 and any substitute or
successor trustees.
GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS DEED OF TRUST, AND GRANTOR AGREES TO ITS TERMS.
GRANTOR:
5 4 A
Francee I. McDonnell

DEED OF TRUST V
Loan No: 5513071994 (Continued) Page 8
 
 
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT
STATE OF ‘/ ) :f‘:¤Q OFFICIAL SEAL
,» _   G RICHARDS
)SS   NégITG&YSPUBUC—OREGON I
cgUN·|·Y OF §7\.) I SIDN NO. 395116
. I MY COMMISSION EXPIRES JULY 26, 2009
On this day before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally appeared Francee I. McDonnell , to me known to be the individual described in and
who executed the Deed of Trust, and acknowledged that he or she signed the Deed of Trust as his or her free and voluntary act and deed, for the uses
and purposes therein mentioned. X
Given under dean officia eal this Z; day of , 20 O1 .
By J, Residing at    
Notary Public in and for the State of {Z My commission expires 7-26 /0 g
 
REQUEST FOR FULL RECONVEYANCE
(To be used only when obligations have been paid in full)
To: , Trustee
The undersigned is the legal owner and holder of all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust. All sums secured by this Deed of Trust have been
fully paid and satisfied. You are hereby directed, upon payment to you of any sums owing to you under the terms of this Deed of Trust or pursuant to
any applicable statute, to cancel the Note secured by this Deed of Trust (which is delivered to you together with this Deed of Trust), and to reconvey,
without warranty, to the parties designated by the terms of this Deed of Trust, the estate now held by you under this Deed of Trust. Please mail the
reconveyance and Related Documents to;
Date: Beneficiary:
By:
Its:
 
LASER PRO Lenilinii Ve: 538 lOO0l Onyx: Havlanil Financial Solutions lnc IBS7 ZODB All Rights Reserved — OR L\CFl\l.Pl.\GDl FC TR—3B64 PR-REINSTAL

