5 3*
After Recording Return To:
EVERGREEN MONEYSOURCE MORTGAGE COMPANY
10900 NE 4TH STREET #1400
BELLEVUE , WASHINGTON 9 8 O 0 4
3.24215% ‘P1/  5'{2&0%°02 : %8 PH DT
STELIARTTSECURITY TITLE GUARRNTYM ca. un
  [Space Above This Line For Recording Data]  
CL.
R2 95 7 DEED OF TRUST FHA CASE ~¤·
Loan Number; 085808MLK 562-2178639-703
MlN:1000235·O00OO19101—5
Grant0r(s) (Last name first, then first name and initials):
l. CRUME , BRETT A .
2. CRUME , KRISTIN M.
3.
4.
5.
6.
Q Additional names on page of document. p
Grantee(s) (Last name first, then first name and initials): I
I. MORTGAGE ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION SYSTEMS , INC . , (MERS)
2. SECURITY TITLE GUARANTY INC.
3.
4.
5.
6.
Q Additional names on page of document.
Legal Description (abbreviated: i.e., lot, block, plat or section, township, range):
LOT 124 —B , LARSON SUBDIVISION SHORT PLAT NO. 2 , 22 — 2 7
Full legal description on page 2 of document.
Assessor' s Property Tax Parcel(s) or Account Number(s):   O
Reference Number(s) Assigned or Released: 3} - 3g a 3 r· *3 ¢ O
Q Additional references on page of document.
 
FHA WASHINGTON DEED OF TRUST · NIEHS Dm-;Magic   5004549435;
6/96 Page I GI II www.d0cmagic.c0m

THIS DEED OF TRUST ("Security Instrument") is made on DECEMBER 3 1 , 2 0 0 8 .
The grantor is BRETT A . CRUME AND KRISTIN M . CRUME , HUSBAND AND
WIFE
("Borrower").
The trustee is SECURITY TITLE GUARANTY INC .
117 EAST 4TH AVE . , MOSES LAKE , WASHINGTON 98837 ("Trustee").
The beneficiary is Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. ("MERS") (solely as nominee for Lender,
as hereinafter defined, and Lender' s successors and assigns). MERS is organized and existing under the laws
of Delaware, and has an address and telephone number of P.O. Box 2026, Flint, MI 48501-2026, tel. (888)
679-MERS.
EVERGREEN MONEYSOURCE MORTGAGE COMPANY , A WASHINGTON
CORPORATION ("Lender")
is organized and existing under the laws of WASHINGTON ,
and has an address of 1 0 9 0 0 NE 4TH STREET # 14 0 0 , BELLEVUE , WASHINGTON
9 8 0 0 4 .
Borrower owes Lender the principal sum of NINETY·THREE THOUSAND SEVEN
HUNDRED SIXTY—TWO AND 00/100 Dollars (U.S. SB 93,762.00 ).
This debt is evidenced by Borrower' s note dated the same date as this Security Instrument ("Note"), which
provides for monthly payments, with the full debt, if not paid earlier, due and payable on
JANUARY 1 , 2 O3 9 . This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment of
the debt evidenced by the Note, with interest, and all renewals, extensions and modifications of the Note;
(b) the payment of all other sums, with interest, advanced under paragraph 7 to protect the security of this
Security Instrument; and (c) the performance of Borrower's covenants and agreements under this Security
Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to Trustee, in trust,
  with power of sale, the following described property located in GRANT .
' County, Washington: I
LOT 124 —B , LARSON SUBDIVISION SHORT PLAT NO . 2 , ACCORDING TO
THE PLAT THEREOF RECORDED IN VOLUME 22 OF SHORT PLATS ,
PAGE (S) 2 7 AND 2 8 , RECORDS OF GRANT COUNTY , WASHINGTON
A.P.N.: 31-O124—0O0
which has the address of 90 16B BONG LOOP
[Street]
MOSES LAKE , Washington 9 8 8 3 7 ("Property Address"):
[City] [Zip Code]
FHA WASHINGTON DEED OF TRUST · MERS DocMagic   a00·a49-1362
6/96 Page 2 of 11 www.d0cmagic.c0m
33*2*% r¥"’°’4“£R%.°’·%%.ZT C., ...2*
STEIJHRT/SECURITY TITLE GUARRNTY I      
\\|I\|\lllIllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllll IIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIII ll I

TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements,
appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and additions shall
also be covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument
as the "Property." Borrower understands and agrees that MERS holds only legal title to the interests granted
by Borrower in this Security Instrument; but, if necessary to comply with law or custom, MERS (as nominee
for Lender and Lender's successors and assigns) has the right: to exercise any or all of those interests,
including, but not limited to, the right to foreclose and sell the Property; and to take any action required of
Lender including, but not limited to, releasing or canceling this Security Instrument.
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby conveyed and has the
right to grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of
record. Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands,
subject to any encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non·uniform
covenants with limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real
property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal, Interest and Late Charge. Borrower shall pay when due the principal of,
and interest on, the debt evidenced by the Note and late charges due under the Note.
2. Monthly Payment of Taxes, Insurance, and Other Charges. Borrower shall include in each
monthly payment, together with the principal and interest as set forth in the Note and any late charges, a sum
for (a) taxes and special assessments levied or to be levied against the Property, (b) leasehold payments or
ground rents on the Property, and (c) premiums for insurance required under paragraph 4. In any year in
which the Lender must pay a mortgage insurance premium to the Secretary of Housing and Urban
Development ("Secretary"), or in any year in which such premium would have been required if Lender still
held the Security Instrument, each monthly payment shall also include either: (i) a sum for the annual
mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the Secretary, or (ii) a monthly charge instead of a
mortgage insurance premium if this Security Instrument is held by the Secretary, in a reasonable amount to
be determined by the Secretary. Except for the monthly charge by the Secretary, these items are called
"Escrow Items" and the sums paid to Lender are called "Escrow Funds."
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold amounts for Escrow Items in an aggregate amount not to
exceed the maximum amount that may be required for Borrower's escrow account under the Real Estate
Settlement Procedures Act of 1974, 12 U.S.C. § 2601 gt gg. and implementing regulations, 24 CFR Part
3500, as they may be amended from time to time ("RESPA"), except that the cushion or reserve permitted
by RESPA for unanticipated disbursements or disbursements before the Borrower‘ s payments are available
in the account may not be based on amounts due for the mortgage insurance premium.
If the amounts held by Lender for Escrow Items exceed the amounts permitted to be held by RESPA,
Lender shall account to Borrower for the excess funds as required by RESPA. If the amounts of funds held
by Lender at any time are not sufficient to pay the Escrow Items when due, Lender may notify the Borrower
and require Borrower to make up the shortage as permitted by RESPA.
The Escrow Funds are pledged as additional security for all sums secured by this Security Instrument.
If Borrower tenders to Lender the full payment of all such sums, Borrower' s account shall be credited with
the balance remaining for all installment items (a), (b), and (c) and any mortgage insurance premium
installment that Lender has not become obligated to pay to the Secretary, and Lender shall promptly refund
FHA WASHINGTON DEED OF TRUST - MERS DocMagic   a00·s49·1aa2
6/96 PZQG 3 Of ll www.d0cmagic.ccm
g.E43gSBf 191/05'{2% 9 02:38 PH DT
STELI¤RT7SECURITY TI$LE°gURRhgT¢M cm un
IIIIIIIIIII||||I|||||II|II|||I||||I|IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII||||IIIIIII||||I||I|||||I|I|||II

yt —*Tr) e em     E *  H ee ee H   Ag j        ;
V any excess funds to Borrower. Immediately prior to a foreclosure sale of the Property or its acquisition by
Lender, Borrower` s account shall be credited with any balance remaining for all installments for items (a),
I (b), and (c).
V 3. Application of Payments. All payments under paragraphs l and 2 shall be applied by Lender as
I follows: V
V FIRST, to the mortgage insurance premium to be paid by Lender to the Secretary or to the monthly
V charge by the Secretary instead of the monthly mortgage insurance premium; .
SECOND, to any taxes, special assessments, leasehold payments or ground rents, and fire, flood I
V and other hazard insurance premiums, as required;
V THIRD, to interest due under the Note;
V FOURTH, to amortization of the principal of the Note; and
V FIFTH, to late charges due under the Note.
4. Fire, Flood and Other Hazard Insurance. Borrower shall insure all improvements on the
Property, whether now in existence or subsequently erected, against any hazards, casualties, and
contingencies, including fire, for which Lender requires insurance. This insurance shall be maintained in
the amounts and for the periods that Lender requires. Borrower shall also insure all improvements on the
V Property, whether now in existence or subsequently erected, against loss by floods to the extent required by
V the Secretary. All insurance shall be carried with companies approved by Lender. The insurance policies
and any renewals shall be held by Lender and shall include loss payable clauses in favor of, and in a form
acceptable to, Lender.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give Lender immediate notice by mail. Lender may make proof of
loss if not made promptly by Borrower. Each insurance company concerned is hereby authorized and
directed to make payment for such loss directly to Lender, instead of to Borrower and to Lender jointly. All
or any part of the insurance proceeds may be applied by Lender, at its option, either (a) to the reduction of
the indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument, first to any delinquent amounts applied in the
order in paragraph 3, and then to prepayment of principal, or (b) to the restoration or repair of the damaged
Property. Any application of the proceeds to the principal shall not extend or postpone the due date of the
monthly payments which are referred to in paragraph 2, or change the amount of such payments. Any excess
insurance proceeds over an amount required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the Note and this
Security Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
In the event of foreclosure of this Security Instrument or other transfer of title to the Property that
extinguishes the indebtedness, all right, title and interest of Borrower in and to insurance policies in force
shall pass to the purchaser.
5. Occupancy, Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; B0rrower's Loan
Application; Leaseholds. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower' s principal
residence within sixty days after the execution of this Security Instrument (or within sixty days of a later sale
or transfer of the Property) and shall continue to occupy the Property as Borrower' s principal residence for
at least one year after the date of occupancy, unless the Lender determines that requirement will cause undue
hardship for Borrower, or unless extenuating circumstances exist which are beyond Borrower`s control.
Borrower shall notify Lender of any extenuating circumstances. Borrower shall not commit waste or destroy,
damage or substantially change the Property or allow the Property to deteriorate, reasonable wear and tear
excepted. Lender may inspect the Property if the Property is vacant or abandoned or the loan is in default.
Lender may take reasonable action to protect and preserve such vacant or abandoned Property. Borrower
shall also be in default if Borrower, during the loan application process, gave materially false or inaccurate
FHA WASHINGTON DEED OF TRUST - MEFIS DocMagic &§@rrmi.e: s00-649-1262
6/96 Page 4 OT T I www.d0cmagic. com
é3;?t’E. .P"  °4%%?%.°"%° "” ¤*
ST UART/SECURITY TITLE GUARANTTM c°' un
IIIIIIII III IIIIII IIII IIIIII IIIII III IIIIIII IIIIII IIII IIII IIIII IIIIIII III IIIII IIIII III III
  I

I information or statements to Lender (or failed to provide Lender with any material information) in connection
with the loan evidenced by the Note, including, but not limited to, representations concerning Borrower` s
I occupancy of the Property as a principal residence. If this Security Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower
shall comply with the provisions of the lease. If Borrower acquires fee title to the Property, the leasehold
, and fee title shall not be merged unless Lender agrees to the merger in writing.
6. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, in
connection with any condemnation or other taking of any part of the Property, or for conveyance in place
  of condemnation, are hereby assigned and shall be paid to Lender to the extent of the full amount of the
l indebtedness that remains unpaid under the Note and this Security Instrument. Lender shall apply such
proceeds to the reduction of the indebtedness under the Note and this Security Instrument, first to any
l delinquent amounts applied in the order provided in paragraph 3, and then to prepayment of principal. Any
l application of the proceeds to the principal shall not extend or postpone the due date of the monthly
payments, which are referred to in paragraph 2, or change the amount of such payments. Any excess
proceeds over an amount required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the Note and this Security
Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
7. Charges to Borrower and Protection of Lender's Rights in the Property. Borrower shall pay
all governmental or municipal charges, fines and impositions that are not included in paragraph 2. Borrower
shall pay these obligations on time directly to the entity which is owed the payment, If failure to pay would
adversely affect Lender' s interest in the Property, upon Lender' s request Borrower shall promptly furnish
to Lender receipts evidencing these payments.
If Borrower fails to make these payments or the payments required by paragraph 2, or fails to perform
any other covenants and agreements contained in this Security Instrument, or there is a legal proceeding that
may significantly affect Lender's rights in the Property (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, for
condemnation or to enforce laws or regulations), then Lender may do and pay whatever is necessary to
protect the value of the Property and Lender's rights in the Property, including payment of taxes, hazard
insurance and other items mentioned in paragraph 2.
Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this paragraph shall become an additional debt of Borrower and
be secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest from the date of disbursement at
the Note rate, and at the option of Lender shall be immediately due and payable.
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument unless
Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable
to Lender; (b) contests in good faith the lien by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal
proceedings which in the Lender' s opinion operate to prevent the enforcement of the lien; or (c) secures from
the holder of the lien an agreement satisfactory to Lender subordinating the lien to this Security Instrument. l
If Lender determines that any part of the Property is subject to a lien which may attain priority over this  
Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying the lien. Borrower shall satisfy the lien 1
or take one or more of the actions set forth above within l0 days of the giving of notice. i
8. Fees. Lender may collect fees and charges authorized by the Secretary. l
9. Grounds for Acceleration of Debt. l
(a) Default. Lender may, except as limited by regulations issued by the Secretary in the case of T
payment defaults, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument  
if:
(i) Borrower defaults by failing to pay in full any monthly payment required by this Security
‘ Instrument prior to or on the due date of the next monthly payment, or
FHA WASHINGTON DEED OF TRUST · MERS DqcMagig   500-649.1362
6/96 Page 5 of ll www.docmagic.com
éfgf?2. lP"°’4’£E%.°2‘%E.Zl‘ C ..2*
MIIITRT/SECURITY TITLE GUARRNTY °`
ll lllll Ill llllll lllll Illl IIIIIII llllll |I|| ||Il IIIII II|lIl| Ill l|||I IIIII Il|| l|||

T l
l
l
' l
l .
Q  
l (ii) Borrower defaults by failing, for a period of thirty days, to perform any other obligations '
T contained in this Security Instrument.
p (b) Sale Without Credit Approval. Lender shall, if permitted by applicable law (including l
T section 34l(d) of the Garn—St. Germain Depository Institutions Act of 1982, 12 U.S.C. 1701 j —
l 3(d)) and with the prior approval of the Secretary, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured  
y by this Security Instrument if;
(i) All or part of the Property, or a beneficial interest in a trust owning all or part of the .
Property, is sold or otherwise transferred (other than by devise or descent), and '
(ii) The Property is not occupied by the purchaser or grantee as his or her principal residence,
or the purchaser or grantee does so occupy the Property, but his or her credit has not been
approved in accordance with the requirements of the Secretary.
(c) No Waiver. If circumstances occur that would permit Lender to require immediate payment
in full, but Lender does not require such payments, Lender does not waive its rights with respect to
subsequent events.
(d) Regulations of HUD Secretary. In many circumstances regulations issued by the Secretary
will limit Lender' s rights, in the case of payment defaults, to require immediate payment in full and
foreclose if not paid. This Security Instrument does not authorize acceleration or foreclosure if not
permitted by regulations of the Secretary.
(e) Mortgage Not Insured. Borrower agrees that if this Security Instrument and the Note are not
determined to be eligible for insurance under the National Housing Act within 6 O DAYS
from the date hereof, Lender may, at its option, require immediate payment in full of all sums
secured by this Security Instrument. A written statement of any authorized agent of the Secretary
dated subsequent to 6 O DAYS from the date hereof, declining to insure
this Security Instrument and the Note, shall be deemed conclusive proof of such ineligibility.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this option may not be exercised by Lender when the unavailability
of insurance is solely due to Lenders failure to remit a mortgage insurance premium to the
Secretary.
10. Reinstatement. Borrower has a right to be reinstated if Lender has required immediate payment
in full because of Borrower' s failure to pay an amount due under the Note or this Security Instrument. This
right applies even after foreclosure proceedings are instituted. To reinstate the Security Instrument,
Borrower shall tender in a lump sum all amounts required to bring Borrower's account current including,
to the extent they are obligations of Borrower under this Security Instrument, foreclosure costs and
reasonable and customary attorneys' fees and expenses properly associated with the foreclosure proceeding.
Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security Instrument and the obligations that it secures shall remain in
effect as if Lender had not required immediate payment in full. However, Lender is not required to permit
reinstatement if: (i) Lender has accepted reinstatement after the commencement of foreclosure proceedings
within two years immediately preceding the commencement of a current foreclosure proceeding, (ii)
reinstatement will preclude foreclosure on different grounds in the future, or (iii) reinstatement will adversely
affect the priority of the lien created by this Security Instrument.
11. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance by Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time of payment
or modification of amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender to any
successor in interest of Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of the original Borrower or
Borrower's successors in interest. Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against any
successor in interest or refuse to extend time for payment or otherwise modify amortization of the sums
FHA WASHINGTON DEED OF TRUST - NIEFZS noemagic {mmm 800-649-1362
6/96 Page 6 of T l www.d0cmagic. com
§?;Pt’E.» l. " ’.<’& .%.°"%2.ZT C °'
ST UART/SECURITY TITLE GURRANTY °' un
I|I||I|ll|||III||l|IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

XIX PT
l
l
l
secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any demand made by the original Borrower or Borrower' s
successors in interest. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or remedy shall not be a waiver
of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy. I
12. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Co-Signers. The covenants and
agreements of this Security Instrument shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender and
Borrower, subject to the provisions of paragraph 9(b). Borrower` s covenants and agreements shall be joint
and several. Any Borrower who co—signs this Security Instrument but does not execute the Note: (a) is co-
signing this Security Instrument only to mortgage, grant and convey that Borrower' s interest in the Property
under the terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not personally obligated to pay the sums secured by this
Security Instrument; and (c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower may agree to extend, modify, forbear
or make any accommodations with regard to the terms of this Security Instrument or the Note without that
Borrower' s consent.
13. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by
delivering it or by mailing it by first class mail unless applicable law requires use of another method. The
notice shall be directed to the Property Address or any other address Borrower designates by notice to
Lender. Any notice to Lender shall be given by first class mail to Lender‘s address stated herein or any
address Lender designates by notice to Borrower. Any notice provided for in this Security Instrument shall
be deemed to have been given to Borrower or Lender when given as provided in this paragraph.
14. Governing Law; Severability. This Security Instrument shall be governed by federal law and the
law of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. In the event that any provision or clause of this
Security Instrument or the Note conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions
of this Security Instrument or the Note which can be given effect without the conflicting provision. To this
end the provisions of this Security Instrument and the Note are declared to be severable.
15. Borrower's Copy. Borrower shall be given one conformed copy of the Note and of this Security
Instrument.
16. Hazardous Substances. Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage,
or release of any Hazardous Substances on or in the Property. Borrower shall not do, nor allow anyone else
to do, anything affecting the Property that is in violation of any Environmental Law. The preceding two
sentences shall not apply to the presence, use, or storage on the Property of small quantities of Hazardous
Substances that are generally recognized to be appropriate to normal residential uses and to maintenance of
the Property.
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of any investigation, claim, demand, lawsuit or other
action by any governmental or regulatory agency or private party involving the Property and any Hazardous
Substance or Environmental Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge. If Borrower learns, or is notified
by any governmental or regulatory authority, that any removal or other remediation of any Hazardous
Substances affecting the Property is necessary, Borrower shall promptly take all necessary remedial actions
in accordance with Environmental Law.
As used in this paragraph 16, "Hazardous Substances" are those substances defined as toxic or hazardous
substances by Environmental Law and the following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or
toxic petroleum products, toxic pesticides and herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or
formaldehyde, and radioactive materials. As used in this paragraph 16, "Environmental Law" means federal
laws and laws of the jurisdiction where the Property is located that relate to health, safety or environmental
protection.
FHA WASHINGTON DEED OF TRUST - IVIERS D0cMagic   800-649-1362
6/96 Page 7 of 1 1 www.docmagic. com
é3‘2‘$°2. if"" .{‘L%°%.°’*°° "” °*
STEWART/SECURITY TITLE GUARASTTM c°' un
IIlllllllllllllllllllllllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

l
l
l i
V l
V NON-UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows: V
V 17. Assignment of Rents. Borrower unconditionally assigns and transfers to Lender all the rents and  
I revenues of the Property. Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender' s agents to collect the rents and revenues V
V and hereby directs each tenant of the Property to pay the rents to Lender or Lender' s agents. However, prior
V to Lender's notice to Borrower of Borrower’s breach of any covenant or agreement in the Security V
V Instrument, Borrower shall collect and receive all rents and revenues of the Property as trustee for the benefit  
" of Lender and Borrower. This assignment of rents constitutes an absolute assignment and not an assignment  
V for additional security only.
I If Lender gives notice of breach to Borrower: (a) all rents received by Borrower shall be held by  
Borrower as trustee for benefit of Lender only, to be applied to the sums secured by the Security Instrument;
V (b) Lender shall be entitled to collect and receive all of the rents of the Property; and (c) each tenant of the V
" Property shall pay all rents due and unpaid to Lender or Lender' s agent on Lender' s written demand to the  
V tenant. V
V Borrower has not executed any prior assignment of the rents and has not and will not perform any act  
V that would prevent Lender from exercising its rights under this paragraph 17.
Lender shall not be required to enter upon, take control of or maintain the Property before or after giving
notice of breach to Borrower. However, Lender or a judicially appointed receiver may do so at any time
there is a breach. Any application of rents shall not cure or waive any default or invalidate any other right
or remedy of Lender. This assignment of rents of the Property shall terminate when the debt secured by the
Security Instrument is paid in full.
18. Foreclosure Procedure. If Lender requires immediate payment in full under paragraph 9, Lender
may invoke the power of sale and any other remedies permitted by applicable law. Lender shall be entitled
to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided in this paragraph 18, including, but not
limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of title evidence.
If Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall give written notice to Trustee of the occurrence of an
event of default and of Lender` s election to cause the Property to be sold. Trustee shall take such action
regarding notice of sale and shall give such notices to Borrower and to other persons as applicable law may
require. After the time required by applicable law and after publication of the notice of sale, Trustee,
without demand on Borrower, shall sell the Property at public auction to the highest bidder at the time and
place and under the terms designated in the notice of sale in one or more parcels and in any order Trustee
determines. Trustee may postpone sale of the Property for a period or periods permitted by applicable law
by public announcement at the time and place fixed in the notice of sale. Lender or its designee may
purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustees deed conveying the Property without any covenant or
warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee` s deed shall be prima facie evidence of the truth
of the statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the following order: (a) to all
expenses of the sale, including, but not limited to, reasonable Trustee` s and attorneys' fees; (b) to all sums
secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) any excess to the person or persons legally entitled to it or to
the county clerk of the superior court of the county in which the sale took place.
If the Lender's interest in this Security Instrument is held by the Secretary and the Secretary requires
immediate payment in full under paragraph 9, the Secretary may invoke the nonjudicial power of sale
provided in the Single Family Mortgage Foreclosure Act of 1994 ("Act") (I2 U.S.C. 3751 et seg.) by
requesting a foreclosure commissioner designated under the Act to commence foreclosure and to sell the
FHA WASHINGTON DEED OF TRUST - IVIERS D0¢Magic   800—649·1362
6/96 Page 8 of 1 T www.d0cmagic.c0m
éE"°%°E. n "°°é’J %.°’·%2.ZT C., ..2*
STrIART/SECURITY TITLE GIJRRANTY
IIllllilllllllIillllllIIIIIlllIllilllllllllllll||II|I||l|II||I|||||I|I|IIIIIIIIIIIII

Property as provided in the Act. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall deprive the Secretary of any rights
otherwise available to a Lender under this paragraph 18 or applicable law.
19. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall request
Trustee to reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security Instrument and all notes evidencing debt
secured by this Security Instrument to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the Property without warranty to the
person or persons legally entitled to it. Such person or persons shall pay any recordation costs. Lender may
charge such person or persons a fee for reconveying the Property, but only if the fee is paid to a third party
(such as the Trustee) for services rendered and the charging of the fee is permitted under applicable law.
20. Substitute Trustee. In accordance with applicable law, Lender may from time to time appoint a
successor trustee to any Trustee appointed hereunder who has ceased to act. Without conveyance of the
Property, the successor trustee shall succeed to all the title, power and duties conferred upon Trustee herein I
and by applicable law. i
21. Use of Property. The Property is not used principally for agricultural or farming purposes.
22. Riders to this Security Instrument. If one or more riders are executed by Borrower and recorded .
together with this Security Instrument, the covenants of each such rider shall be incorporated into and shall
amend and supplement the covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument as if the rider(s) were a part
of this Security Instrument.
[Check applicable box(es)].
Q Condominium Rider Q Graduated Payment Rider Q Growing Equity Rider
Q Planned Unit Development Rider Q Adjustable Rate Rider Q Rehabilitation Loan Rider
Q Non—Owner Occupancy Rider Q Other [Specify]
FHA WASHINGTON DEED OF TRUST - MERS D0cMagic   800-6494362
6/96 Page 9 of 1 1 www.d0cmagic.ccm
1248455 ¤ 1/05/2009  2: 38 PH DT
Plat 0 of 11 R 53.00 Grant Ca, HA
ST UART/SECURITY TITLE GUARRNTY
IIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIll!|l||I|||II|IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

, WWW?
ORAL AGREEMENTS OR ORAL COMMITMENTS TO LOAN MONEY, EXTEND
CREDIT, OR TO FORBEAR FROM ENFORCING REPAYMENT OF A DEBT ARE NOT
ENFORCEABLE UNDER WASHINGTON LAW.
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms contained in pages 1 through ll of
this Security Instrument and in any rider(s) executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
  (sean   (sean
BRETT A . CRUME -Borrower KRIST IN M . CRUME -Borrower
  (Seal)   (Seal)
-Borrower -Borrower
  (Seal)   (Seal)
-Borrower -Borrower
Witness: Witness:
FHA WASHINGTON DEED OF TRUST · MERS D0cMagic   500-649-1362
6/96 Page 10 of 11 www.d0cmagic.c0m
1248450 01/ 5/2 09 02:38 PH DT
Pa e 10 of H R 53.00 Grant Co, UR
STELIRRT/SECURITY TITLE GUARANTY
lgllmglllMIIIIIIIllllglllllllllmlllgllllllllllllghlllllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII|||||g||lg||Ilg g   gggg gg

STATE OF WASHINGTON, GRANT County ss:
On this day personally appeared before me BRETT A. CRUME AND KRISTIN M .
CRUME
, to me known to be the individual(s)
described in and who executed the within and foregoing instrument, and acknowledged that he (she or they)
signed the same as his (her or their) free and voluntary act and deed, for the uses and purposes therein
mentioned.
Given under my hand and official seal this jLptpL, day of `jA.n»~¤.A·•-\ oq .
Notary Public in and for the State of Wghington residing at: Notary Publi `·
State of Washington
num (-GAL CANDACE M. TAYLOR
MY COMMISSION EXPIFIES
My Commission expires: K. LL?   January 1' 2013
REQUEST FOR RECONVEYANCE
To Trustee:
The undersigned is the holder of the note or notes secured by this Deed of Trust. Said note or notes,
together with all other indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust, have been paid in full. You are hereby
directed to cancel said note or notes and this Deed of Trust, which are delivered hereby, and to reconvey,
without warranty, all the estate now held by you under this Deed of Trust to the person or persons legally
entitled thereto.
Date:  
 
FHA WASHINGTON DEED OF TRUST - MERS D0cMagic 6F@rfm?U$ s00—64a-1362
6/96 Page 11 of 11 www.d0cmagic.c0m
¤ 02:38 PH DT
3.24:43.of 31/05/3 agen Grant Cc, HR
STEWART/SECURITY TITLE GUARRNTY “

