  F1343a72f 9 01/  2/gfgg 11 :45 AH DT
  ‘ FIRST AMERICAN EQUITY LOAN ggavgcg? un
WHEN RECORDED, RETURN TO;
EQUITY LOAN .$LERVI6E$} L/VG ’
When Recorded Return t0: 1100 SUPERIORAIEVULQ SUHE200 ,
  OHIO 44114 Z
NATIONAL RECORDHVG - YEAM2
Acccmnmdabba Rcwnlrhg Per Great Request
HOME EQUI IY LINE DEED OF TRUST
GRANTOR(S): PATRICIA A. LAMPHERE WIFE
‘ WILLIAM D. LAMPHERE HUSBAND `
GRANTEE ("Lender"): KeyBank National Association
P.O. Box 16430
Boise, ID 83715
TRUSTEE: FIRST AMERICAN TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY
2101 FOURTH AVE SUITE 800 SEATTLE, WA 98121
ABBREVIATED LEGAL DESCRIPTION:
(Additional legal description on page 7.)
ASSESSOR’S TAX PARCEL OR ACCOUNT NUMBER: 71958010
REFERENCE NUMBER(S) (if applicable):
“ »·--   ~-‘“‘   j eonnowsa · " 2  J  I
PATRICIA A. LAMPHERE
WILLIAM D. LAMPHERE
13436 HWY 243 S
BEVERLY» WA,99321 .
  N¤- "   ..’v y1¤E*¤*¤¢¤¤¤•¤ N¤·.
In consideration of the loan or other credit accommodation hereinafter specified and any future advances or future
Obligations, as defined herein, which may hereafter be advanced or incurred and the trust hereinafter mentioned and other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Grantor hereby irrevocably ,
bargains, sells, transfers, grants, conveys and assigns to Trustee, his successors and assigns, in trust, for_._....
  ("Lender"), the
beneficiary under this Deed of Trust, with power of sale and right of entry and possession all of Grantor's present and future ,
estate, right, title and interest in and tothe real property described in Schedule A which is attached to this Deed of Trust and l
incorporated herein by this reference, together with all present and future improvements and fixtures; all tangible personal
property including, without limitation, all machinery, equipment, building materials, and goods of every nature (excluding
household goods) now or hereafter located on or used in connection with the real property, whether or not affixed to the land;
all privileges, hereditaments, and appurtenances; all leases, licenses and other agreements; all rents, issues and profits; all
water, well, ditch, reservoir and mineral rights and stocks pertaining to the real property (cumulatively "Property"); to have and
to hold the Property and the rights hereby granted for the use and benefit of Trustee, his successors and assigns, until
payment in full of all Obligations secured hereby.
Moreover, in further consideration, Grantor does, for Grantor and Grantor's heirs, representatives, successors, and assigns,  
hereby expressly warrant, covenant, and agree with Lender and Trustee and their successors and assigns as follows:
1. OBLIGATIONS. This Deed of Trust shall secure the payment and performance of all present and future indebtedness,
liabilities, obligations and covenants of Borrower or Grantor (cumulatively "Obligations") to Lender pursuant to:
(a) this Deed of Trust and the following promissory notes and other agreements: (
        '   —   _.__     d
e2€=;e>w”*T€i .:1: .._-:; ii  » _ ,iustseezztezzaiwe .t;,it ****5 F   F   ii 1*94*!§F§2i&§i;2i5%z¥i2‘2‘1¥ ii    ‘   S 
VARIABLE $365,000.00 12/10/08 12/10/43 083191505220C   ,
l
(b) Q all other presently existing or future written evidences of indebtedness, obligations, agreements, instruments,  
guaranties or otherwise with Lender (whether incurred for the same or different purposes than the foregoing); {
l
KBWA516 © Harland Financial Solutions Inc. (9/5/08) (800) 937-3799 Page 1 of 7

(c) future advances, whether obligatory or optional, to the same extent as if made contemporaneously with the execution
of this Deed of Trust, made or extended to or on behalf of Grantor or Borrower. Grantor agrees that if one of the
Obligations is a line of credit, the lien of this Deed of Trust shall continue until payment in full of all debt due under the line
notwithstanding the fact that from time to time (but before termination ofthe line) no balance may be outstanding. At no
time shall the lien of this Deed of Trust, not including amounts advanced to protect the security of this Deed of Trust,
exceed   ; and
(d) all repeated amendments, extensions, renewals, modifications, replacements or substitutions to any of the foregoing.
As used in this Paragraph 1, the terms Grantor and Borrower shall include and also mean any Grantor or Borrower if more than
one.
2. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS. Grantor represents, warrants and covenants to Lender that:
(a) Grantor has fee simple marketable title to the Property and shall maintain the Property free of all liens, security
interests, encumbrances and claims except for this Deed of Trust and those described in Schedule B which is attached to
this Deed of Trust and incorporated herein by reference, which Grantor agrees to pay and perform in a timely manner;
(b) Grantor is in compliance in all respects with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations, including,
without limitation, those relating to "Hazardous Materials," as defined herein, and other environmental matters (the
"Environmental Laws"), and neither the federal government nor the State of Washington Department of Ecology nor any
other governmental or quasi governmental entity has filed a lien on the Property, nor are there any governmental, judicial
or administrative actions with respect to environmental matters pending, or to the best of the Grantor’s knowledge,
threatened, which involve the Property. Neither Grantor nor, to the best of Grantor’s knowledge, any other party has used,
generated, released, discharged, stored, or disposed of any Hazardous Materials as defined herein, in connection with the »
Property or transported any Hazardous Materials to or from the Property. Grantor shall not commit or permit such actions
to be taken in the future. The term "Hazardous Materials" shall mean any substance, material, or waste which is or
becomes regulated by any governmental authority including, but not limited to: (i) petroleum; (ii) friable or nonfriable
asbestos; (iii) polychlorinated biphenyls; (iv) those substances, materials or wastes designated as a "hazardous substance"
pursuant to Section 311 of the Clean Water Act or listed pursuant to Section 307 of the Clean Water Act or any
amendments or replacements to these statutes; (v) those substances, materials or wastes defined as a "hazardous waste"
pursuant to Section 1004 of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act or any amendments or replacements to that
statute; and (vi) those substances, materials or wastes defined as a "hazardous substance" pursuant to Section 101 of the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, or any amendments or replacements to that
statute or any other similar state or federal statute, rule, regulation or ordinance now or hereafter in effect. Grantor shall
not lease or permit the sublease of the Property to a tenant or subtenant whose operations may result in contamination of
the Property with Hazardous Materials or toxic substances;
(c) All applicable laws and regulations including, without limitation, the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et
seq. (and all regulations promulgated thereunder) and all zoning and building laws and regulations relating to the Property
by virtue of any federal, state or municipal authority with jurisdiction over the Property, presently are and shall be observed
and complied with in all material respects, and all rights, licenses, permits, and certificates of occupancy (including but not
limited to zoning variances, special exceptions for nonconforming uses, and final inspection approvals), whether
temporary or permanent, which are material to the use and occupancy of the Property, presently are and shall be
obtained, preserved and, where necessary, renewed;
(d) Grantor has the right and is duly authorized to execute and perform its Obligations under this Deed of Trust and these
actions do not and shall not conflict with the provisions of any statute, regulation, ordinance, rule of law, contract or other
agreement which may be binding on Grantor at any time;
(e) No action or proceeding is or shall be pending or threatened which might materially affect the Property; and
(f) Grantor has not violated and shall not violate any statute, regulation, ordinance, rule of law, contract or other agreement
which might materially affect the Property (including, but not limited to, those governing Hazardous Materials) or Lender’s
rights or interest in the Property pursuant to this Deed of Trust.
3. PRIOR DEEDS OF TRUST. Grantor represents and warrants that there are no prior deeds of trust affecting any part of the
Property except as set forth on Schedule B attached to this Deed of Trust which Grantor agrees to pay and perform in a timely
manner. lf there are any prior deeds of trust then Grantor agrees to pay all amounts owed, and perform all obligations
required, under such deeds of trust and the indebtedness secured thereby. »
4. TRANSFERS OF THE PROPERTY OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN GRANTORS OR BORROWERS. ln the event of a
sale, conveyance, lease, contract for deed or transfer to any person of all or any part of the real property described in Schedule
A, or any interest therein, or of all or any beneficial interest in Borrower or Grantor (if Borrower or Grantor is not a natural
person or persons but is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, trust, or other legal entity), Lender may, at its
option, declare the outstanding principal balance of the Obligations plus accrued interest thereon immediately due and
payable, or, at Lender’s sole option, Lender may consent to said conveyance in writing and may increase the interest rate of
this Deed of Trust to the interest rate which Lender would then commit to make a first mortgage loan of similar character with
similar security, as determined by Lender in its sole discretion, or compensate Lender for such increased risk resulting from
the breach of the foregoing covenants. At Lender’s request, Grantor or Borrower, as the case may be, shall furnish a complete
statement setting forth all of its stockholders, members or partners, as appropriate, and the extent of their respective
ownership interests.
5. ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS. In consideration of the Obligations which are secured by this Deed of Trust, Grantor absolutely
assigns to Lender all Grantor’s estate, right, title, interest claim and demand now owned or hereafter acquired in all existing
and future leases of the Property (including extensions, renewals and subleases), all agreements for use and occupancy of the
Property (all such leases and agreements whether written or oral, are hereafter referred to as the "Leases"), and all guaranties
of lessees’ performance under the Leases, together with the immediate and continuing right to collect and receive all of the
rents, income, receipts, revenues, issues, profits and other income of any nature now or hereafter due (including any income
of any nature coming due during any redemption period) under the Leases or from or arising out of the Property, including
minimum rents, additional rents, percentage rents, parking or common area maintenance contributions, tax and insurance
contributions, deficiency rents, liquidated damages following default in any Lease, all proceeds payable under any policy of
insurance covering loss of rents resulting from untenantability caused by destruction or damage to the Property, all proceeds
payable as a result of a Iessee’s exercise of an option to purchase the Property, all proceeds derived from the termination or
rejection of any Lease in a bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding, and all proceeds from any rights and claims of any
kind which Grantor may have against any lessee under the Leases or any occupants of the Property (all of the above are
hereafter collectively referred to as the "Rents"). This assignment is subject to the right, power and authority given to the
Lender to collect and apply the Rents. This assignment is recorded in accordance with RCW 65.08.070; the lien created by
this assignment is intended to be specific, perfected, and choate upon the recording of this Deed of Trust, all as provided in
RCW 7.28.230(3) as amended from time to time. As long as there is no default under the Obligations or this Deed of Trust,
Lender grants Grantor a revocable license to collect all Rents from the Leases when due and to use such proceeds in
Grantor’s business operations. However, Lender may at any time require Grantor to deposit all Rents into an account
maintained by Grantor or Lender at Lender’s institution. Upon default in the payment of, or in the performance of, any of the
Obligations, Lender may at its option take possession ofthe Property and have, hold, manage, lease and operate the Property
on terms and for a period of time that Lender deems proper. Lender may proceed to collect and receive all Rents, from the
Property, and Lender shall have full power to periodically make alterations, renovations, repairs or replacements to the
Property as Lender may deem proper. Lender may apply all Rents in Lender’s sole discretion, to payment of the Obligation or
tothe payment of the cost of such alterations, renovations, repairs and replacements and any expenses incident to taking and
retaining possession of the Property and the management and operation of the Property. Lender may keep the Property
properly insured and may discharge any taxes, charges, claims, assessments and other liens which may accrue. The expense
and cost of these actions may be paid from the Rents received, and any unpaid amounts shall be added to the principal of the
Obligations. These amounts, together with other costs, shall become part of the Obligations secured by this Deed of Trust.
KBWA516B © Harland Financial Solutions lnc.. (9/5/OB) (800) 9374-1799 Page 2 of 7
1248579 01/08/2 09 11 :45 AII DT
Page 2 of 9 R 51.00 Grant. Cn, UA
FI ST AMERICAN EQUITY LOAN SERVICES

· 1248579 901/0:/39%% 11 ganlzhco MDT
l ' . . of , n . '
, IgEgST3Rl1ERICRN EQUITY LORN SERV    
6. LEASES AND OTHER AGREEMENTS. Grantor shall not take or fail to take any action which may cause or permit the
- termination or the withholding of any payment in connection with any Lease pertaining to the Property. In addition, Grantor,
without Lender's prior written consent, shall not: (a) collect any monies payable under any Lease more than one month in
advance; (b) modify any Lease; (c) assign or allow a lien, security interest or other encumbrance to be placed upon Grantor's
rights, title and interest in and to any Lease or the amounts payable thereunder; or (d) terminate or cancel any Lease except
- for the nonpayment of any sum or other material breach by the other party thereto. lf Grantor receives at any time any written
communication asserting a default by Grantor under any Lease or purporting to terminate or cancel any Lease, Grantor shall
promptly fonuard a copy of such communication (and any subsequent communications relating thereto) to Lender. All such
Leases and the amounts due to Grantor thereunder are hereby assigned to Lender as additional security for the Obligations.
7. COLLECTION OF INDEBTEDNESS FROM THIRD PARTY. Lender shall be entitled to notify or require Grantor to notify
any third party (including, but not limited to, lessees, licensees, governmental authorities and insurance companies) to pay
Lender any indebtedness or obligation owing to Grantor with respect to the Property (cumulatively "lndebtedness") whether or
not a default exists under this Deed of Trust. Grantor shall diligently collect the Indebtedness owing to Grantor from these
third parties until the giving of such notification. In the event that Grantor possesses or receives possession of any instruments
or other remittances with respect to the Indebtedness following the giving of such notification or if the instruments or other
remittances constitute the prepayment of any Indebtedness or the payment of any insurance or condemnation proceeds,
Grantor shall hold such instruments and other remittances in trust for Lender apart from its other property, endorse the
' instruments and other remittances to Lender, and immediately provide Lender with possession of the instruments and other
remittances. Lender shall be entitled, but not required, to collect (by legal proceedings or otherwise), extend the time for
payment, compromise, exchange or release any obligor or collateral, or otherwise settle any of the Indebtedness whether or
’ not an Event of Default exists underthis Deed,of Trust. Lender. shall not be liable to Grantor for any action, error, mistake,
omission or delay pertaining to the actions described in this paragraph or any damages resulting therefrom. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing herein shall cause Lender to be deemed a mortgagee-in-possession.
8. USE AND MAINTENANCE OF PROPERTY. Grantor shall take all actions and make any repairs needed to maintain the
Property in good condition. Grantor shall not commit or permit any waste to be committed with respect to the Property.
Grantor shall use the Property solely in compliance with applicable law and insurance policies. Grantor shall not make any
alterations, additions or improvements to the Property without Lender’s prior written consent. Vlhthout limiting the foregoing,
all alterations, additions and improvements made to the Property shall be subject to the beneficial interest belonging to
Lender, shall not be removed without Lender’s prior written consent, and shall be made at Grantor’s sole expense.
9. LOSS OR DAMAGE. Grantor shall bear the entire risk of any loss, theft, destruction or damage (cumulatively "Loss or
Damage") to the Property or any portion thereof from any cause whatsoever. In the event of any Loss or Damage, Grantor
shall, at the option of Lender, repair the affected Property to its previous condition or pay or cause to be paid to Lender the
decrease in the fair market value ofthe affected Property.
10. INSURANCE. The Property will be kept insured for its full insurable value (replacement cost) against all hazards including
loss or damage caused by flood, earthquake, tornado and fire, theft or other casualty to the extent required by Lender.
Grantor may obtain insurance on the Property from such companies as are acceptable to Lender in its sole discretion. The
insurance policies shall require the insurance company to provide Lender with at Ieasti.L_ days' written notice before such
policies are altered or cancelled in any manner. The insurance policies shall name Lender as a loss payee and provide that no
act or omission of Grantor or any other person shall affect the right of Lender to be paid the insurance proceeds pertaining to
the loss or damage of the Property. In the event Grantor fails to acquire or maintain insurance, Lender (after providing notice
l as may be required by law) may in its discretion procure appropriate insurance coverage upon the Property and the insurance
l cost shall be an advance payable and bearing interest as described in Paragraph 24 and secured hereby. Grantor shall furnish
Lender with evidence of insurance indicating the required coverage. Lender may act as attorney-in-fact for Grantor in making
and settling claims under insurance policies, cancelling any policy or endorsing Grantor's name on any draft or negotiable
instrument drawn by any insurer. All such insurance policies shall be immediately assigned, pledged and delivered to Lender
as further security for the Obligations. In the event of loss, Grantor shall immediately give Lender written notice and Lender is
authorized to make proof of loss. Each insurance company is directed to make payments directly to Lender instead of to
Lender and Grantor. Lender shall have the right, at its sole option, to apply such monies toward the Obligations or toward the
cost of rebuilding and restoring the Property. Any amounts may at Lender’s option be applied in the inverse order of the due
dates thereof.
11. ZONING AND PRIVATE COVENANTS. Grantor shall not initiate or consent to any change in the zoning provisions or
private covenants affecting the use ofthe Property without Lender’s prior written consent. lf Grantor’s use ofthe Property is or
becomes a nonconformin  use under any zoning provision, Grantor shall not cause or permit such use to be discontinued or
abandoned without the prior written consent of Lender. Grantor will immediately provide Lender with written notice of any
proposed changes to the zoning provisions or private covenants affecting the Property.
12. CONDEMNATION. Grantor shall immediately provide Lender with written notice of any actual or threatened
condemnation or eminent domain proceeding pertaining to the Property. All monies payable to Grantor from such
condemnation or taking are hereby assigned to Lender and shall be applied first to the payment of Lender’s attorneys' fees,
legal expenses and other costs (including appraisal fees) in connection with the condemnation or eminent domain
proceedings and then, at the option of Lender, to the payment ofthe Obligations or the restoration or repair ofthe Property.
13. LENDER’S RIGHT TO COMMENCE OR DEFEND LEGAL ACTIONS. Grantor shall immediately provide Lender with
written notice of any actual or threatened action, suit, or other proceeding affectin  the Property. Grantor hereby appoints
Lender as its attorney-in—fact to commence, intervene in, and defend such actions, suits, or other legal proceedings and to
compromise or settle any claim or controversy pertaining thereto. Lender shall not be liable to Grantor for any action, error,
mistake, omission or delay pertaining to the actions described in this paragraph or any damages resulting therefrom. Nothing
contained herein will prevent Lender from taking the actions described in this paragraph in its own name.
14. INDEMNIFICATION. Lender shall not assume or be responsible for the performance of any of Grantor's obligations with
respect to the Property under any circumstances. Grantor shall immediately provide Lender with written notice of and
indemnify and hold Lender and its shareholders, directors, officers, employees and agents harmless from all claims, damages,
liabilities (includin  attorneys' fees and legal expenses), causes of action, actions, suits and other legal proceedings
(cumulatively "Claims") pertainin  to the Property. Grantor, upon the request of Lender, shall hire legal counsel to defend
Lender from such Claims, and pay the attorneys’ fees, legal expenses and other costs incurred in connection therewith. In the
alternative, Lender shall be entitled to employ its own legal counsel to defend such Claims at Grantor’s cost. Grantor's
obligation to indemnify Lender under this paragraph shall survive the termination, release or foreclosure of Deed of Trust.
15. TAXES AND ASSESSMENTS. Grantor shall pay all taxes and assessments relating to the Property when due and
, immediately provide Lender evidence of payment of same. Upon the request of Lender, Grantor shall deposit with Lender
each month one-twelfth (1 /12) ofthe estimated annual insurance premium, taxes and assessments pertaining to the Property.
So long as there is no default, these amounts shall be applied to the payment of taxes, assessments and insurance as
required on the Property. In the event of default, Lender shall have the right, at its sole option, to apply the funds so held to
pay any taxes or against the Obligations. Any funds applied may, at Lender’s option, be applied in reverse order of the due
date thereof. (
18. INSPECTION OF PROPERTY, BOOKS, RECORDS AND REPORTS. Grantor shall allow Lender or its agents to examine
and inspect the Property and examine, inspect and make copies of Grantor’s books and records pertaining to the Property
from time to time. Grantor shall provide any assistance required by Lender for these purposes. All of the signatures and
information contained in Grantor's books and records shall be genuine, true, accurate and complete in all respects. Grantor
shall note the existence of Lender’s beneficial interest in its books and records pertaining to the Property. Additionally, Grantor
shall report, in a form satisfactory to Lender, such information as Lender may request regarding Grantor’s financial condition
or the Property. The information shall be for such periods, shall reflect Grantor's records at such time, and shall be rendered  
with such frequency as Lender may designate. All information furnished by Grantor to Lender shall be true, accurate and l
complete in all respects, and signed by Grantor if Lender requests.
17. ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES. Within ten (10) days after any request by Lender, Grantor shall deliver to Lender, or any
intended transferee of Lender's rights with respect to the Obligations, a signed and acknowledged statement specifying (a) the l
outstanding balance on the Obligations; and (b) whether Grantor possesses any claims, defenses, set-offs or counterclaims
with respect to the Obligations and, if so, the nature of such claims, defenses, set-offs or counterclaims. Grantor will be
conclusively bound by any representation that Lender may make to the intended transferee with respect to these matters in
the event that Grantor fails to provide the requested statement in a timely manner. (
KBWA518C © Harland Financial Solutions Inc. (9/5/08) (800) 937-3799 Page 3 of 7 l

18. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. An Event of Default shall occur under this Deed of Trust and the Trustee’s power shall become
operative in the event that Grantor, Borrower or any guarantor of any Obligation:
(a) commits fraud or makes a material misrepresentation at any time in connection with the Obligations or this Mortgage;
(b) fails to meet the repayment terms of the Obligations for any outstanding balance; or
(c) by any action or inaction, adversely affects the Property, or any right of Lender in such Property, including, but not
limited to, transfer of title to or sale of the Property without the permission of Lender, failure to maintain required insurance
or to pay taxes on the Property, allowing the filing of a lien senior to that held by Lender, death of the sole Borrower
obligated under the Obligations, allowing the taking of the Property through eminent domain, or allowing the Property to
be foreclosed by a Iienholder other than Lender. ln addition, an Event of Default shall occur if, as a result of any of the
following, the Property, or any right of the Lender in the Property, is adversely affected: the Borrower, Mortgagor or any
guarantor of any Obligation commits waste or othenivise destructively uses or fails to maintain the Property, uses the
property in an illegal manner which may subject the Property to seizure, or moves form the Property; a judgment is filed
against the Borrower, Mortgagor or any guarantor of any Obligation; or one of two Borrowers obligated under the
Obligations dies.
19. RIGHTS OF LENDER ON EVENT OF DEFAULT. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under this Deed of Trust,
Lender shall be entitled to exercise one or more of the following remedies without notice or demand (except as required by
law):
(a) to declare the Obligations immediately due and payable in full, such acceleration shall be automatic and immediate if
the Event of Default is a filing under the Bankruptcy Code;
(b) to collect the outstanding Obligations with or without resorting to judiciai process;
(c) to require Grantor to deliver and make available to Lender any personal property or Chattels constituting the Property
at a place reasonably convenient to Grantor and Lender;
(d) to enter upon and take possession ofthe Property without applying for or obtaining the appointment of a receiver and,
at Lender’s option, to appoint a receiver without bond, without first bringing suit on the Obligations and without otherwise
meeting any statutory conditions regarding receivers, it being intended that Lender shall have this contractual right to
appoint a receiver;
(e) to employ a managing agent of the Property and let the same, either in Trustee’s own name, in the name of Lender or
in the name of Grantor, and receive the rents, incomes, issues and profits of the Property and apply the same, after
payment of all necessary charges and expenses, on account of the Obligations;
(f) to pay any sums in any form or manner deemed expedient by Lender to protect the security of this Deed of Trust or to
cure any default other than payment of interest or principal on the Obligations;
(g) to foreclose this Deed of Trust judicially or nonjudicially;
(h) to set-off Grantor’s Obligations against any amounts owed Grantor by Lender including, but not limited to, monies,
instruments, and deposit accounts maintained with Lender or any currently existing or future affiliate of Lender; and
(i) to exercise all other rights available to Lender under any other written agreement or applicable law.
Lender’s rights are cumulative and may be exercised together, separately, and in any order. ln the event that Lender institutes
an action seeking the recovery of any of the Property by way of a prejudgment remedy in an action against Grantor, Grantor
waives the posting of any bond which might otherwise be required. Lender or Lender’s designee may purchase the Property
at any sale. In the event Lender purchases the Property at the Trustee’s sale, to the extent Lender’s bid price exceeds the
Obligations, Lender shall pay Trustee cash equal to such excess. The Property or any part thereof may be sold in one parcel,
or in such parcels, manner or order as Lender in its sole discretion may elect, and one or more exercises of the power herein
granted shall not extinguish or exhaust the power unless the entire Property is sold or the Obligations are paid in full.
20. CONDOMINIUM COVENANTS. lf the Property includes a unit in, together with the undivided interest in the common
elements of, a condominium project or some other project subject to unit ownership law or similar law (the "Condominium
Project"), and if the owners association or other entity (the "Owners Association") which acts for the Condominium Project
holds title to property for the benefit or use of its members or shareholders, the Property also includes Grantor’s interest in
such title and the use, proceeds and benefits of Grantor’s interest. ln addition to the other covenants and agreements
contained in this Deed of Trust, Grantor and Lender further covenant and agree as follows: (a) Grantor shall perform all of
Grantor’s obligations under the Project’s bylaws and code of regulations; (b) Grantor shall pay, when due, all dues and
assessments imposed under the Condominium Project; (c) Lender agrees that so long as the Owners Association maintains,
with a generally accepted insurance carrier, a "master" or "blanket" policy on the Property which is satisfactory to Lender and
which provides insurance coverage in the amounts, for the periods, and against the hazards Lender requires pursuant to
Paragraph 10 of the Deed of Trust, that Grantor’s obligation to maintain hazard insurance under Paragraph 10 shall be
satisfied to the extent that the required coverage is provided by the Owners Association Policy; and (d) Grantor shall give
Lender prompt notice of any lapse in required hazard insurance coverage that is maintained by the Owners Association. ln the
event of a distribution of hazard insurance proceeds in lieu of restoration or repair following a loss to the Property, whether to
the condominium unit or to common elements, any proceeds payable to Grantor are hereby assigned and shall be paid to
Lender for application to the Obligations, with any excess paid to Grantor.
21. SECURITY INTEREST UNDER THE UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE. This Deed of Trust shall be considered a
financing statement and a fixture filing pursuant to the provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (as adopted in the state
where the Property is located) covering fixtures chattels, and articles of personal property now owned or hereafter attached to
or to be used in connection with the Property together with any and all replacements thereof and additions thereto (the
"Chattels"), and Grantor hereby grants Lender a security interest in such Chattels. The debtor is the Grantor described above.
The secured party is the Lender described above. Upon demand, Grantor shall make, execute and deliver such security
agreements (as such term is defined in said Uniform Commercial Code) as Lender at any time may deem necessary or proper
or require to grant to Lender a perfected security interest in the Chattels, and upon Grantor’s failure to do so, Lender is
authorized to sign any such agreement as the agent of Grantor. Grantor hereby authorizes Lender to file financing statements
(as such term is defined in said Uniform Commercial Code) with respect to the Chattels, at any time, without the signature of
Grantor. Grantor will, however, at any time upon request of Lender, sign such financing statements. Grantor will pay all filing
fees for the filing of such financing statements and for the refiling thereof at the times required, in the opinion of Lender, by
said Uniform Commercial Code. If the lien of this Deed of Trust is subject to any security agreement covering the Chattels,
then in the event of any default under this Deed of Trust, all the right, title and interest of Grantor in and to any and all of the
Chattels is hereby assigned to Lender, together with the benefit of any deposits or payments now or hereafter made thereof by
Grantor or the predecessors or successors in title of Grantor in the Property.
22. USE OF PROPERTY/PURPOSE OF OBLIGATIONS. The Property is not used principally for agricultural purposes. Q lf
checked, the Obligations secured by this Deed of Trust were incurred primarily for commercial, investment or business
purposes and not for personal, family or household purposes.
23. SERVICING OF THE OBLIGATIONS. x If checked, the servicing for all or part of the Obligations is subject to sale,
transfer or assignment. Upon transfer of the servicing, the purchasing servicing agent is required to provide notification to the
Grantor.
24. REIMBURSEMENT OF AMOUNTS EXPENDED BY LENDEFI. Lender, at Lender’s option, may expend funds (including
attorneys’ fees and legal expenses) to perform any act required to be taken by Grantor or to exercise any right or remedy of
Lender under this Deed of Trust. Upon demand, Grantor shall immediately reimburse Lender for all such amounts expended
by Lender together with interest thereon at the lower of the highest rate described in any Obligation or the highest rate allowed
by law from the date of payment until the date of reimbursement. These sums shall be included in the definition of
Obligations herein and shall be secured by the beneficial interest granted herein. lf the Obligations are paid after the
beginning of publication of notice of sale, as herein provided, or in the event Lender shall, at its sole option, permit Grantor to
pay any part of the Obligations after the beginning of publication of notice of sale, as herein provided, then, Grantor shall pay
on demand all expenses incurred by the Trustee and Lender in connection with said publication, including reasonable
attorneys’ fees to the attorneys for the Trustee and for the Lender, and a reasonable fee to the Trustee, and this Deed of Trust
shall be security for all such expenses and fees.
25. APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. All payments made by or on behalf of Grantor may be applied against the amounts paid
by Lender (including attorneys’ fees and legal expenses) in connection with the exercise of its rights or remedies described in
this Deed of Trust and then to the payment of the remaining Obligations in whatever order Lender chooses.
KBWA516D ® Harland Financial Solutions Inc. (9/5/08) (BOO) 937-3799 P¤9€ 4 Of 7
1248579 01/08/2 09 11 :45 AH DT
Par 4 of 9 R 51.00 Grant Co, IIA
FI ST AHERICAN EQUITY LOAN SERVICES

. — 1248579 ¤ 1/08/20 9 11 :45 All DT
` · ' · Pa • 5 of 9 R 51.00 Grant Co, IIA r .
_ FIRST AIIERICAN EQUITY LOAN SERVICES ‘ J
26. POWER OF ATTORNEY. Grantor hereby appoints Lender as its attorney-in-fact to endorse Grantor’s name on all _
instruments and other documents pertaining to the Obligations or indebtedness. ln addition, Lender shall be entitled, but not
required, to perform any action or execute any document required to be taken or executed by Grantor under this Deed of
Trust. Lender’s performance of such action or execution of such documents shall not relieve Grantor from any Obligation or
cure any default under this Deed of Trust. The powers of attorney described in this Deed of Trust are coupled with an interest _
and are irrevocable.
27. SUBROGATION OF LENDER. Lender shall be subrogated to the rights ofthe holder of any previous lien, security interest
or encumbrance discharged with funds advanced by Lender regardless of whether these liens, security interests or other
encumbrances have been released of record.
28. COLLECTION COSTS. To the extent permitted by law, Grantor agrees to pay Lender’s reasonable fees and costs,
including, but not limited to, fees and costs of attorneys and other agents (including without limitation paralegals, clerks and
consultants), whether or not such attorney or agent is an employee of Lender, which are incurred by Lender in collecting any
amount due or enforcing any ri g ht or remedy under this Deed of Trust, whether or not suit is brought, including, but not limited
to, all fees and costs incurred on appeal, in bankruptcy, and for post-judgment collection actions.
29. RELEASE AND RECONVEYANCE. Lender may release its interest in a portion of the Property by executing and
recording one or more partial releases without affecting its interest in the remaining portion of the Property. Nothing herein
shall be deemed to obligate Lender to release any of its interest in the Property (except as required under paragraph 38), nor .
shall Lender be obligated to release any part of the Property if Grantor is in default under this Deed of Trust. \Nhen all
obligations have been paid in full, Lender shall request Trustee to reoonvey the Property without warranty to the person(s)
, legally entitled thereto. Grantor shall be responsible for payment of all costs or reconveyance, including recording fees and
Trustee's fees prior to such reconveyance. ‘ I I ‘ · T ·
30. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. The modification or waiver of any of Grantor’s Obligations or Lender’s rights under this
Deed of Trust must be contained in a writing signed by Lender. Lender may perform any of Borrower’s or Grantor’s
Obligations, delay or fail to exercise any of its rights or accept payments from Grantor or anyone other than Grantor without
causing a waiver of those Obligations or rights. A waiver on one occasion shall not constitute a waiver on any other occasion.
Grantor’s Obligations under this Deed of Trust shall not be affected if Lender repeatedly and unconditionally amends,
compromises, exchanges, fails to exercise, impairs or releases any of the Obligations belonging to any Grantor, Borrower or
third party or any of its rights against any Grantor, Borrower or third party or any of the Property. Lender’s failure to insist upon
strict performance of any of the Obligations shall not be deemed a waiver, and Lender shall have the right at any time
thereafter to insist upon strict performance.
31. SUBSTITUTE TRUSTEE. In case of the resignation, death, incapacity, disability or absence of the Trustee or in case the
holder ofthe Obligations shall desire for any reason to remove the Trustee or any substitute trustee as trustee hereunder and
to appoint a new trustee in his place and stead, the holder of the Obligations is hereby granted full power to appoint in writin 
a substitute trustee for said Trustee, and the substitute trustee shall, when appointed, become successor to all rights of
Trustee hereunder and the same shall become vested in him for the purposes and objects of this Deed of Trust with all the
power, duties and obli ations herein conferred on the Trustee.
32. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Deed of Trust shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Grantor and Lender
( and their respective successors, assigns, trustees, receivers, administrators, personal representatives, legatees and devisees.
  33. NOTICES. Except as otherwise required by law, any notice or other communication to be provided under this Deed of
, Trust shall be in writing and sent to the parties at the addresses described in this Deed of Trust or such other address as the
I parties may designate in writing from time to time. Any such notice so given and sent by first class mail, postage prepaid,
shall be deemed g iven the earlier of three (3) days after such notice is sent when received by the person to whom such notice
S is being given.
34. SEVERABILITY. Whenever possible, each provision of this Deed of Trust shall be interpreted so as to be effective and
valid under applicable state law. lf any provision of this Deed of Trust violates the law or is unenforceable, the rest of this Deed
of Trust shall continue to be valid and enforceable.
35. APPLICABLE LAW. This Deed of Trust shall be governed by the laws of the state where the Property is located. Unless
applicable law provides otherwise, Grantor consents to the jurisdiction and venue of any court selected by Lender, in its sole
discretion, located in that state.
36. NO THIRD·PARTY RIGHTS. No person is or shall be a third-party beneficiary of any provision of this Deed of Trust. All
provisions of this Deed. of Trust in favor of Lender are intended solely for the benefit of Lender, and no third party shall be
entitled to assume or expect that Lender will waive or consent to the modification of any provision of this Deed of Trust, in
Lender’s sole discretion.
37. PRESERVATION OF LIABILITY AND PRIORITY. Vlhthout affecting the liability of Borrower, Grantor, or any  uarantor of
the Obligations, or any other person (except a person expressly released in writing) for the payment and performance of the
Obligations, and without affecting the rights of Lender with respect to any Property not expressly released in writing, and T
without impairing in any way the priority of this Deed of Trust over the interest of any person acquired or first evidenced by  
recordin  subsequent to the recording of this Deed of Trust, Lender may, either before or after the maturity ofthe Obligations, i
and without notice or consent: release any person liable for payment or performance of all or any part of the Obligations;
make any agreement altering the terms of payment or performance of all or any part of the Obligations; exercise or refrain
from exercisin  or waive any right or remedy that Lender may have under this Deed of Trust; accept additional security of any
kind for any ofthe Obligations; or release or otherwise deal with any real or personal property securing the Obligations. Any
person acquiring or recording evidence of any interest of any nature in the Properly shall be deemed, by acquiring such
interest or recording any evidence thereof, to have consented to all or any such actions by Lender. l
30. DEFEASANCE. Upon the payment and performance in full of all ofthe Obligations, Lender will execute and deliver to 4
Grantor those documents that may be required to release this Deed of Trust of record. Grantor shall be responsible to pay any
costs of reoordation.
39. MISCELLANEOUS. Grantor and Lender agree that time is of the essence. Grantor waives presentment, demand for l
payment, notice of dishonor and protest except as required bylaw. All references to Grantor in this Deed of Trust shall include
all persons signing below. lf there is more than one Grantor, their Obligations shall be joint and several and shall be binding
upon any marital community of which any Grantor is a member (unless this Deed of Trust expressly states that the community
shall not be liable). This Deed of Trust represents the complete integrated understanding between Grantor and Lender
pertaining to the terms and conditions hereof.
40. JURY TRIAL WAIVER. LENDER AND GRANTOR HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY CIVIL
ACTION ARISING OUT OF, OR BASED UPON, THIS DEED OF TRUST.
41. ADDITIONAL TERMS:
KBWA516E © Harland Financial Solutions Inc. (9/5/06) (800) 937-3799 Page 5 of 7

Grantor acknowledges that Grantor has read, understands, and agrees to the terms and conditions of this Deed of Trust, and
acknowledges receipt of an exact copy of same.
oarea rhaS;1 ¤ay or December 2008 .
i l 1 i i i, /
\\>._\;_;‘é M gg,/A
_$"g_Q*(i>. (gg lb ii gy; 942
5 Q  my A2;. ¢ g GRANTOR; PATRICIA A. LAMPHERE
I · Q ·’· P en · ·;
f JO   wi T    I ·~ ”
  rp 1 ea »=i,E..,,_.¤.   F Q     -
2  A nyf/\O _§ PATRICIA A. LAMPHERE
#2; Re wif  i ·‘ <»  
  V.   WAQ4,{r»,Y#·   GnANTOn; WILLIAM D. LAMPHERE {
é/' 2   gk _* __”__,.e ·
\wlw* i·};;ii#;,/U [WILLIAM D. LAMP ERE M **1Mm
  we . /
$:2*0*%: ' '''' 'QOO//Z GRANTOR·
S e·· .`;_\€.€·‘ON 642. @2 `
  0 _· ·_ ¢ ¢
s ·§ seI/ley Q- 2
E :°·° 9-pag mz E · "
20;. -3;, ’°0Bl.l<> gx a S
i&‘?,»é·f4,;,Y N   GnANT0n;
/ ' . · '
,77/   I · ·   \\\\
”~~,YY’i.?.ii~~*`
GRANTOR:
GRANTOR;
GRANTOR:
GRANTOR:
KBWA516F © Harland Financial Solutions lnc.. (9/5/OB) (800) 937-3799 Page G of?
1.248579 01/  8/2009 11.:45 AI'l DT
PA • B of 9 R 51.00 Grant Cn, HA
FIRST AMERICAN EQUITY LOAN SERVICES
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillillllllllllillllllillllllllllllllllllllllllll

u ‘ » _
State of Washingtgntl E     3 ( t
` County of
I oertify that I know or have satisfactory evidence that
_ is the person who appeared before me, a \q\sai,d person acknowledge  that he/she signed t ' 'nstrument and acknowledged
itto be hi err ea vol arya (ei ea ur  •—= mentl ed inthe in ·- -
°¥ “l&° P
\~‘ xc · G 0 ’ - ' ,1 · It )
cated; ¢ 0_ · ····- *9 ’ ri I ._¢ l. lv _Il
§OY···~$`\°.v £,‘l·J$.·¢'@  • y P  IIC
5   NOTA;;·), ($6*, _ Qlla . .4
: ·‘° •-•·• wl  '° ‘  
Z ', _' a o'ntment • res:
ig   SL",     I E I >
Q’»%g.flay SI`} ·x§
0 O ’ · . . - '  
. 0/ F \,\\ \\
. State of Washingto r 7//, WAS mx ·`
coumyer ”"’IllIl‘\\ (     '2   I   E LE
I oertify that I know or have satisfactory evidence that
> ·is the person who appeared before me, and said person acknowledged that he/she signed this' trument and acknowledged
I it to be i her r e a d vol ary act for the uses and pur s menti ed inthe instr t.
Dated: U H br
I 1 o u I
Sega I vg. ,5;;//,0 K9
S Q` ·°.S\O/V   O Zitle
s OY.] \%   , Q
§   §\\`v\OTA/L?)/»<2%$r;_.¢H_,·y appointment expire .
5 fo *·•—• °"f E
jj   ’°UBLIG ;_·'é §
State of Washington {5, '· {/40 »L¤_· O $
<>¤¤¤w¤f   · Y. ??‘ ‘;q,’*E$
I certify that l know or ha e, me that  
/// \\
is that person who appeared before me, and wld person acknowledged that he/she signed this instrument, on oath stated
that he/she was authorized to execute this instrument and acknowledged it as the  
of  to be the free and
voluntary act of such party for the uses and purposes mentioned in the instrument.
I Dated:   
I Notary Public I
(Seal or Stamp) Title
  My appointment expires: 
I     ‘l.l  it 1.  
The following described real property located in the County of GRANT ,
State or   ;
See Addendum A
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
l       ug g     
I I
KBWA516G © Harland Financial Solutions Inc. (9/5/08) (800) 937-3799 Page 7 or 7
:45 RH DT
.%E‘P%’%. .°*’°3’3P%% “ mt C., It
FIRST AHERICAN EQUITY LOAN SERVICES
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllllllll (
i ‘ I

I EXHIBIT A
THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED REAL ESTATE, SITUATED IN GRANT
‘ COUNTY, STATE OF WASHINGTON: THAT PORTION OF LOTS 10 AND 13,
WANAPUM BEACHES, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF RECORDED IN
BOOK 11 OF PLATS, PAGE 40, RECORDS OF GRANT COUNTY,
'WASHINGTON, BEING A PORTION OF THE NORTHWEST QUARTER OF
L SECTION 9, TOWNSHIP 16 NORTH, RANGE 23 E.W.M., GRANT COUNTY,
“ WASHINGTON, DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: BEGINNING AT THE NORTH
  QUARTER CORNER OF SAID SECTION, SAID POINT BEARS NORTH 86
  DEG 48 MIN 53 SEC WEST, A DISTANCE OF 2,480.33 FEET, FROM
  THE NORTHEAST CORNER OF SAID SECTION, AS PER RECORD DATA
1 SHOWN ON SAID WANAPUM BEACHES PLAT; THENCE NORTH 86 DEG 50
  MIN 30 SEC WEST, FOLLOWING THE NORTH BOUNDARY OF SAID
  NORTHWEST QUARTER, A DISTANCE OF 1,239.06 FEET, TO THE
I NORTHWEST CORNER OF LOT 11, OF SAID WANAPUM BEACHES PLAT;
I THENCE SOUTH OO DEG 35 MIN 28 SEC WEST, FOLLOWING THE WEST
BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 11, A DISTANCE OF 600.00 FEET, TO THE
COMMON WEST CORNER OF LOTS 11 AND 12, OF SAID PLAT; THENCE
SOUTH 00 DEG 35 MIN 47 SEC WEST, FOLLOWING THE WEST BOUNDARY
OF SAID LOT 12, A DISTANCE OF 714.99 FEET, TO THE SOUTHWEST
CORNER OF SAID LOT 12 AND THE TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING; THENCE
SOUTH 87 DEG 19 MIN 14 SEC EAST, FOLLOWING THE SOUTH BOUNDARY
OF SAID LOT 12, A DISTANCE OF 325.37 FEET, TO THE NORTHEAST
CORNER OF SAID LOT 13; THENCE SOUTH 14 DEG 59 MIN 00 SEC
WEST, FOLLOWING THE EAST BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 13, A DISTANCE
OF 51.18 FEET; THENCE NORTH 87 DEG 19 MIN 14 SEC WEST,
PARALLEL WITH AND 50.00 FEET PERPENDICULARLY DISTANT FROM THE
NORTH BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 13, A DISTANCE OF 136.93; THENCE
SOUTH 73 DEG 59 MIN 34 SEC WEST, A DISTANCE OF 670.67 FEET;
THENCE SOUTH 35 DEG 40 MIN O0 SEC WEST, A DISTANCE OF 137.00
FEET, TO AN INTERSECTION WITH SOUTH BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 10;
THENCE NORTH 76 DEG 16 MIN 18 SEC WEST, FOLLOWING SAID SOUTH
BOUNDARY A DISTANCE OF 442.66 FEET, TO THE MOST WESTERLY
CORNER COMMON TO LOTS 9 AND 10; THENCE NORTH 45 DEG 13 MIN 50
SEC EAST, FOLLOWING THE WEST BOUNDARY OF SAID LOT 10, A
39365685
 
g.?4§!é72f 9  1/Og/§P%9 1.1:45 RH DT  
FIRST AMERICAN EQUITY EOAN gaacgcg? un  
IIIIIIII||I||||I|l|||IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII||||||I||IIIIIIIIIIIIIIII|||||||I||||I|||||IIIIIIII

.. 4 _ _
EXHIBIT A
(ccntinued)
DISTANCE OF 218.21 FEET; THENCE NORTH 11 DEG 24 MIN 50 SEC
EAST, FOLLOWING SAID WEST BOUNDARY, A DISTANCE OF 135.78
‘ FEET, TO THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF SAID LOT 10; THENCE SOUTH
87 DEG 19 MIN 14 SEC EAST, FOLLOWING THE NORTH BOUNDARY OF
_SAID LOT 10, A DISTANCE OF 568.65 FEET, TO THE COMMON NORTH
CORNER OF SAID LOTS 10 AND 13; THENCE CONTINUING SOUTH 87
DEG 19 MIN 14 SEC EAST, FOLLOWING THE NORTH BOUNDARY OF LOT
13, A DISTANCE OF 229.99 FEET, TO THE TRUE POINT OF
BEGINNING. ABBREVIATED LEGAL DESCRIPTION: PT LOTS 10
AND 13, WANAPUM BEACHES, BP11 P4O DOC. NO. 1223528
Permanent Parcel Number: 71958010
WILLIAM D. LAMPHERE AND PATRICIA A. LAMPHERE, HUSBAND AND WIFE
13436 HIGHWAY 243 SOUTH, BEVERLY WA 99321
Loan Reference Number : 41442266/08319150522OC
First American Order N0: 39365685
Identifier: FIRST AMERICAN EQUITY LOAN SERVICES
||I|l|||\|II\I|||I|I|I '-'WHERE
39365685 W9
FIRST RMERICRN ELS
DEED OF TRUST
|\I||IllII\||I|II||II\IIlI|llI\\||IIIIIIIIIIII
1:45 RH DT
$3*3%*2. ¤°"°§’§3%% ‘ .....1 C., NR
FIRST RHERICRN EQUITY LOAN SERVICES

