I I, r ¤ » I I
1.248578 01./OB/2009 11. :45 RH DT
Pa • I cf 7 R 49.00 Grant Co, UA
FIRST AMERICAN EQUITY LOAN SERVICES
WHEN RECORDED, RETURN TO:
EQUITY LOAN .5ER VIGESL INC
11005'UPERIORAVENUE; .$'UI7E200
  OHIO 44114 5
‘ NATIONAL RECORDING - HMM3  
Accommodation RemrdzhgP¤r CYic¤tRcqucs·t  
Document Title(s) Deed of Trust
Grantor(s)
GraI1tee(S) Charter One, a division of RBS Citize , N.A. y _
Legal Description LAT   S>(\.¤-I?  Ink   gs Qgys @°  
Assessor’s Property Tax Parcel or ccount Number  
Reference Numbers of Documents Assigned or Released
.1.... State of Washington   Space Above This Line For Recording DBM L-;
O0OO0383661
. · é O DEED OF TRUST
J   5 7 (With Future Advance Clause)
l. DATE AND PARTIES. The date of this Deed of Trust (Security Instrument) is   and the
parties, their addresses and tax identification numbers, if required, are as follows:
GRANTOR:
TIMOTHY C. NELSON AND KATHY L. NELSON HUSBAND AND WIFE
III If checked, refer to the attached Addendum incorporated herein, for additional Grantors, their
signatures and acknowledgments.
TRUSTEE:
First American Title Insurance Company
2101 Fourth Avenue, Suite 800
Seattle, WA 98121
LENDER:
Charter One,. a division of RBS Citizens, N.A.
One Citizens Plaza
Providence, RI 02903
2. CONVEYANCE. For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
acknowledged, and to secure the Secured Debt (defmed below) and Grantor’s performance under this
Security Instrument, Grantor irrevocably grants, conveys and sells to Trustee, ir1 trust for the benefit of
Lender, with power of sale, the following described property:
_ See exhibit "A" attached hereto and by this reference made a part hereof.
The property is 1<>¤¤¢¤<1 in .....................................   ........................,............. at ....................................................
(County)
................   ................ . ........................   ......................   ..... Q§§§Z
(Address) (City) _ (Zip
wA_1.rNEMro9s6 Vl (Page I °f6)

Together with all rights, easements, appurtenances, royalties, mineral rights, oil and gas rights, all water
and riparian rights, ditches, and water stock and all existing and future improvements, structures,
fixtures, and replacements that may now, or at any time in the future, be part of the real estate described
above (all referred to as "Property").
3.   OBLIGATION LIMIT. The total principal amount secured by this Security Instrument at
any one time shall not exceed $   This limitation of amount does not include interest and
other fees and charges validly made pursuant to this Security Instrument. Also, this limitation does not
apply to advances made under the terms of this Security Instrument to protect Lender’s security and to
perform any of the covenants contained in this Security Instrument.
4. SECURED DEBT AND FUTURE ADVANCES. The tenn "Secured Debt" is defined as follows:
A. Debt incurred under the terms of all promissory note(s), contract(s), guaranty(s) or other evidence of
debt described below and all their extensions, renewals, modifications or substitutions. (You must
specyically identyfy the debt(s) secured and you should include the final maturity date of such
debt(s).)
The Credit Line Agreement in the amount of $207,000.00, executed by the
Mortgagor/Grantor and dated the same day as this Security Instrument, which, if not paid
earlier, is due and payable in full 300 months from the due date of the tirst payment.
B. All future advances hom Lender to Grantor or other future obligations of Grantor to Lender under
any promissory note, contract, guaranty, or other evidence of debt executed by Grantor in favor of
Lender executed after this Security Instrument whether or not this Security Instrument is specifically
referenced. If more than one person signs this Security Instrument, each Grantor agrees that this
Security Instrument will secure all future advances and future obligations that are given to or
incurred by any one or more Grantor, or any one or more Grantor and others. All future advances
and other future obligations are secured by this Security Instrument even though all or part may not
yet be advanced. All future advances and other future obligations are secured as if made on the date
of this Security Instrument. Nothing in this Security Instrument shall constitute a commitment to
make additional or future loans or advances in any amount. Any such commitment must be agreed to
in a separate writing.
C. All other obligations Grantor owes to Lender, which may later arise, to the extent not prohibited by
t law, including, but not limited to, liabilities for overdrafts relating to any deposit account agreement
i between Grantor and Lender.
D. All additional sums advanced and expenses incurred by Lender for insuring, preserving or otherwise
protecting the Property and its value and any other sums advanced and expenses incurred by Lender
under the terms of this Security Instrument.
In the event that Lender fails to provide any necessary notice of the right of rescission with respect to any
additional indebtedness secured under paragraph B of this Section, Lender waives any subsequent
security interest in the Grantor’s principal dwelling that is created by this Security Instrument (but does
not waive the security interest for the debts referenced in paragraph A of this Section).
5. DEED OF TRUST COVENAN TS. Grantor agrees that the covenants in this section are material
obligations under the Secured Debt and this Security Instrument. If Grantor breaches any covenant in this
section, Lender may refuse to make additional extensions of credit and reduce the credit limit. By not
exercising either remedy on Grantor’sbreach, Lender does not waive Lender’s right to later consider the
event a breach if it happens again.
Payments. Grantor agrees that all payments under the Secured Debt will be paid when due and in
accordance with the terms of the Secured Debt and this Security Instrument.
Prior Security Interests. With regard to any other mortgage, deed of trust, security agreement or other
lien document that created a prior security interest or encumbrance on the Property, Grantor agrees to
make all payments when due and to perform or comply with all covenants. Grantor also agrees not to
allow any modification or extension of] nor to request any future advances under any note or agreement
secured by the lien document without Lender’s prior written approval.
Claims Against Title. Grantor will pay all taxes, assessments, liens, encumbrances, lease payments,
ground rents, utilities, and other charges relating to the Property when due. Lender may require Grantor
to provide to Lender copies of all notices that such amounts are due and the receipts evidencing Grantor’s
payment. Grantor will defend title to the Property against any claims that would impair the lien of this
Security Instrument. Grantor agrees to assign to Lender, as requested by Lender, any rights, claims or
defenses Grantor may have against parties who supply labor or materials to maintain or improve the
Property.
WA_LINEMTG986 V1 (Page 2 of 6)
1248578 ¤ 1/ 08/ 2009 1.1:45 HH DT
Pa • 2 of 7 R 49.00 Grant Co, UA
· FIRST AMERICAN EQUITY LOAN SERVICES
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII |IIi||I||||II\||l||IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIII

Property Condition, Alterations and Inspection. Grantor will keep the Property in good condition and
make all repairs that are reasonably necessary. Grantor shall not commit or allow any waste, impairment,
or deterioration of the Property. Grantor agrees that the nature of the occupancy and use will not
substantially change without Lender’s prior written consent. Grantor will not permit any change ir1 any
license, restrictive covenant or easement without Lender’s prior written consent. Grantor will notify Lender
of all demands, proceedings, claims, and actions against Grantor, and of any loss or damage to the
Property.
Lender or Lender’s agents may, at Lender’s option, enter the Property at any reasonable time for the
purpose of inspecting the Property. Lender shall give Grantor notice at the time of or before an inspection
specifying a reasonable purpose for the inspection. Any inspection of the Property shall be entirely for
Lender’s benefit and Grantor will in no way rely on Lender’s inspection.
Authority to Perform. If Grantor fails to perform any duty or any of the covenants contained in this
Security Instrument, Lender may, without notice, perform or cause them to be performed. Grantor appoints
Lender as attorney in fact to sign Grantor’sname or pay any amount necessary for performance. Lender’s
right to perform for Grantor shall not create an obligation to perform, and Lender’s failure to perform will
not preclude Lender hom exercising any of Lender’s other rights under the law or this Security Instrument.
_ Leaseholds; Condominiums; Planned Unit Developments. Grantor agrees to comply with the provisions
of any lease if this Security Instrument is on a leasehold. lf the Property includes a unit in a condominium
or a plamred unit development, Grantor will perform all of Grantor’s duties under the covenants, by-laws,
or regulations of the condominium or planned unit development.
Condemnation. Grantor will give Lender prompt notice of any pending or threatened action, by private or
public entities to purchase or take any or all of the Property through condemnation, eminent domain, or
any other means. Grantor authorizes Lender to intervene in Grantor’sname in any of the above described
actions or claims. Grantor assigns to Lender the proceeds of any award or claim for damages connected
with a condemnation or other taking of all or any part of the Property. Such proceeds shall be considered
payments and will be applied as provided in this Security Instrument. This assignment of proceeds is
subject to the terms of any prior mortgage, deed of trust, security agreement or other lien document.
Insurance. Grantor shall keep Property insured against loss by fire, flood, theit and other hazards and risks
i reasonably associated with the Property due to its type and location. This insurance shall be maintained in
the amounts and for the periods that Lender requires. The insurance carrier providing the insurance shall be P
chosen by Grantor subject to Lender’s approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. If Grantor fails
to maintain the coverage described above, Lender may, at Lender’s option, obtain coverage to protect
Lender’s rights in the Property according to the terms of this Security Instrument.
All insurance policies and renewals shall be acceptable to Lender and shall include a standard "mortgage
clause" and, where applicable, "loss payee clause." Grantor shall immediately notify Lender of
cancellation or termination of the insurance. Lender shall have the right to hold the policies and renewals.
If Lender requires, Grantor shall immediately give to Lender all receipts of paid premiums and renewal
notices. Upon loss, Grantor shall give immediate notice to the insurance carrier and Lender. Lender may
make proof of loss if not made immediately by Grantor.
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, all insurance proceeds shall be applied to the restoration or repair of
the Property or to the Secured Debt, whether or not then due, at Lender’s option. Any application of
proceeds to principal shall not extend or postpone the due date of the scheduled payment nor change the
amount of any payment. Any excess will be paid to the Grantor. If the Property is acquired by Lender,
Grantor’s right to any insurance policies and proceeds resulting from damage to the Property before the
acquisition shall pass to Lender to the extent of the Secured Debt immediately before the acquisition.
Financial Reports and Additional Documents. Grantor will provide to Lender upon request, any
financial statement or infonnation Lender may deem reasonably necessary. Grantor agrees to sign, deliver,
and file any additional documents or certifications that Lender may consider necessary to perfect, continue,
and preserve Grantor’s obligations under this Security Instrument and Lender’s lien status on the Property.
6. WARRANTY OF TITLE. Grantor warrants that Grantor is or will be lawfully seized of the estate
conveyed by this Security Instrument and has the right to irrevocably grant, convey and sell the Property to
Trustee, in trust, with power of sale. Grantor also warrants that the Property is unencumbered, except for
C encumbrances of record.
7. DUE ON SALE. Lender may, at its option, declare the entire balance of the Secured Debt to be
immediately due and payable upon the creation of, or contract for the creation of, a transfer or sale of the
Property. This right is subject to the restrictions imposed by federal law (12 C.F.R. 591), as applicable.
WA_LINEMTG986 Vl (Page 3 of 6)
1248578 01/ r ,
$:s;.°..·a2.¥.... 2%*% H =m"=-·· ~·~°T
ITY LOAN SERVICES
IIIIIIIII|||I|I|I|||I||||||||||I|||||I||||I||II|IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII|||II|||||I|||I||I||I||

8. DEFAULT. Grantor will bein default if any ofthe following occur:
Fraud. Any Consruner Borrower engages in fraud or material misrepresentation in comrection with the
Secured Debt that is an open end home equity plan.
Payments. Any Consumer Borrower on any Secured Debt that is an open end home equity plan fails to
make a payment when due.
Property. Any action or inaction by the Borrower or Grantor occurs that adversely affects the Property or
Lender’s rights in the Property. This includes, but is not limited to, the following: (a) Grantor fails to
maintain required insurance on the Property; (b) Grantor transfers the Property; (c) Grantor commits waste
or otherwise destructively uses or fails to maintain the Property such that the action or inaction adversely
affects Lender’s security; (d) Grantor fails to pay taxes on the Property or otherwise fails to act and thereby
causes a lien to be filed against the Property that is senior to the lien of this Security Instrument; (e) a sole
Grantor dies; (f) if more than one Grantor, any Grantor dies and Lender’s security is adversely affected; (g)
the Property is taken through eminent domain; (h) a judgment is filed against Grantor and subjects Grantor
and the Property to action that adversely affects Lender’sinterest; or (i) a prior lienholder forecloses on the
Property and as a result, Lender’s interest is adversely affected.
· Executive Officers. Any Borrower is an executive officer of Lender or an afiiliate and such Borrower
becomes indebted to Lender or another lender in an aggregate amount greater than the amount permitted
under federal laws and regulations. (
9. REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. In addition to any other remedy available under the terms of this Security
Instrument, Lender may accelerate the Secured Debt and foreclose this Security Instrument in a marmer
provided by law if Grantor is in default. In some instances, federal and state law will require Lender to
provide Grantor with notice of the right to cure, or other notices and may establish time schedules for
foreclosure actions.
At the option of the Lender, all or any part of the agreed fees and charges, accrued interest and principal
shall become irrunediately due and payable, after giving notice if required by law, upon the occurrence of a
default or anytime thereafter. Lender shall be entitled to, without limitation, the power to sell the Property.
If there is a default, Trustee shall, at the request ofthe Lender, advertise and sell the Property as a whole or
in separate parcels at public auction to the highest bidder for cash and convey absolute title Bee and clear
of all right, title and interest of Grantor at such time and place as Trustee designates. Trustee shall give
notice of sale including the time, terms and place of sale and a description of the Property to be sold as
required by the applicable law in effect at the time of the proposed sale.
Upon sale of the Property and to the extent not prohibited by law, Trustee shall make and deliver a deed to
the Property sold which conveys absolute title to the purchaser, and alier Hist paying all fees, charges and
costs, shall pay to Lender all moneys advanced for repairs, taxes, insurance, liens, assessments and prior
encumbrances and interest thereon, and the principal and interest on the Secured Debt, paying the surplus,
if any, to Grantor. Lender may purchase the Property. The recitals in any deed of conveyance shall be
prima facie evidence of the facts set forth therein.
The acceptance by Lender of any sum in payment or partial payment on the Secured Debt after the balance
is due or is accelerated or after foreclosure proceedings are filed shall not constitute a waiver of Lender’s
right to require complete cure of any existing default. By not exercising any remedy on Grantor’sdefault,
Lender does not waive Lender’s right to later consider the event a default if it happens again.
10. EXPENSES; ADVANCES ON COVENANTS; ATTORNEYS’ FEES; COLLECTION COSTS. If
Grantor breaches any covenant in this Security Instrument, Grantor agrees to pay all expenses Lender
incurs in performing such covenants or protecting its security interest in the Property. Such expenses
include, but are not limited to, fees incurred for inspecting, preserving, or otherwise protecting the Property
and Lender’s security interest. These expenses are payable on demand and will bear interest from the date
of payment until paid in full at the highest rate of interest in effect as provided in the terms of the Secured
Debt. Grantor agrees to pay all costs and expenses incurred by Lender in collecting, enforcing or
protecting Lender’s rights and remedies under this Security Instrument. This amount may include, but is
not limited to, attomeys’ fees, court costs, and other legal expenses. To the extent permitted by the United
States Bankruptcy Code, Grantor agrees to pay the reasonable attomeys’ fees Lender incurs to collect the
Secured Debt as awarded by any court exercising jurisdiction under the Bankruptcy Code. This Security
Instrument shall remain in effect until released. Grantor agrees to pay for any recordation costs of such
release.
WA__LINEMTG986 V1 (Page 4 of 6)
124857 .
P°§° 4 gf 7 01/og  H Iiganlzncg unm-
  RHERICRN EQUITY LORN SERVICES I
I |||||l|||||I|||IIII||I||||IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII|I||||||||IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

E Y TTC TC I I TTT  
. · ‘ ’ 1
11. ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS AND HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES. As used in this section, (l)
Environmental Law means, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), and all other federal, state and local
laws, regulations, ordinances, court orders, attomey general opinions or interpretive letters concerning the l
public health, safety, welfare, enviromnent or a hazardous substance; and (2) Hazardous Substance means
any toxic, radioactive or hazardous material, waste, pollutant or contaminant which has characteristics ,
which render the substance dangerous or potentially dangerous to the public health, safety, welfare or
enviromnent. The term includes, without limitation, any substances defined as "hazardous material," "toxic
substances," "hazardous waste," "hazardous substance," or "regulated substance" under any Enviromnental i
Law. Grantor represents, warrants and agrees that:
A. Except as previously disclosed and acknowledged in writing to Lender, no Hazardous Substance is  
or will be located, stored or released on or in the Property. This restriction does not apply to small (
quantities of Hazardous Substances that are generally recognized to be appropriate for the normal (
use and maintenance of the Property. r
B. Except as previously disclosed and acknowledged in writing to Lender, Grantor and every tenant
Q have been, are, and shall remain in full compliance with any applicable Environmental Law.
i C. Grantor shall immediately notify Lender if a release or threatened release of a Hazardous Substance
occurs on, under or about the Property or there is a violation of any Environmental Law concerning
l the Property. In such an event, Grantor shall take all necessary remedial action in accordance with
i any Enviromnental Law.
D. Grantor shall immediately notify Lender in writing as soon as Grantor has reason to believe there is
any pending or threatened investigation, claim, or proceeding relating to the release or threatened
release of any Hazardous Substance or the violation of any Environmental Law.
12. ESCROW FOR TAXES AND INSURANCE. Unless otherwise provided in a separate agreement,
Grantor will not be required to pay to Lender funds for taxes and insurance in escrow.
13. JOINT AND INDIVIDUAL LIABILITY; CO-SIGNERS; SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS BOUND.
All duties under this Security Instrument are joint and individual. If Grantor signs this Security Instrument
but does not sign an evidence of debt, Grantor does so only to mortgage Grantor’s interest in the Property
to secure payment of the Secured Debt and Grantor does not agree to be personally liable on the Secured
Debt. If this Security Instrument secures a guaranty between Lender and Grantor, Grantor agrees to waive
any rights that may prevent Lender nom bringing any action or claim against Grantor or any party
indebted under the obligation. These rights may include, but are not limited to, any anti-deficiency or
one-action laws. The duties and benefits of this Security Instrument shall bind and benefit the successors
and assigns of Grantor and Lender.
14. SEVERABILITY; INTERPRETATION. This Security Instrument is complete and fully integrated. This
Security Instrument may not be amended or modified by oral agreement. Any section in this Security
Instrument, attachments, or any agreement related to the Secured Debt that conflicts with applicable law
will not be effective, unless that law expressly or irnpliedly permits the variations by written agreement. If
any section of this Security Instrument cannot be enforced according to its terms, that section will be
severed and will not affect the enforceability of the remainder of this Security Instrument. Whenever used,
the singular shall include the plural and the plural the singular. The captions and headings of the sections
of this Security Instrument are for convenience only and are not to be used to interpret or define the terms
of this Security Instrument. Tirrre is ofthe essence in this Security Instrument.
15. SUCCESSOR TRUSTEE. Lender, at Lender’soption, may from time to time remove Trustee and appoint
a successor trustee without any other formality than the designation in writing. The successor uustee,
without conveyance ofthe Property, shall succeed to all the title, power and duties conferred upon Trustee
by this Security Instrument and applicable law.
16. NOTICE. Unless otherwise required by law, any notice shall be given by delivering it or by mailing it by
both Hrst class _mail and either registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, to the appropriate
party’s address on page 1 of this Security Instrument, or to any other address designated in writing. Notice
to one grantor will be deemed to be notice to all grantors.
17. USE OF PROPERTY. The property subject to this Deed of Trust is not used principally for agricultural
purposes.
18. LINE OF CREDIT. The Secured Debt includes a revolving line of credit. Although the Secured Debt
may be reduced to a zero balance, this Security Instrument will remain in effect until released.
19. APPLICABLE LAW. This Security Instrument is govemed by the laws as agreed to in the Secured Debt,
. except to the extent required by the laws of the jurisdiction where the Property is located, and applicable
federal laws and regulations.
WA_LINEMTG986 Vl (Page 5 of 6)
1248578 01/08/2 09 1.1 :45 RH DT
Pa • 5 of 7 R 48.00 Grant Co, UA
FIRST RHERICRN EQUITY LOAN SERVICES
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII||||IIIII||||||I|||IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

. J l 5 ' I I '  
20. RIDERS. The covenants and agreements of each of the riders checked below are incorporated into and
supplement and amend the terms of this Security Instrument. i
[Check all applicable boxes] l
U Assigmmnt <>f L¤¤S¢S wd R¤¤¢S Cl Gthcr .................................................................................................. I
21. El ADDITIONAL TERMS. ,
l
22. SIGNATURES: By signing below, Grantor agrees to the terms and covenants contained in this Security
Instrument and in any attachments. Grantor also acknowledges receipt of a copy of this Security
l o t e da%gita age l. I
r ...........   .... . ..... . ......................... ff`- ....................   .................       ........ . ..... ....lQ:s»?9~<>2
  (gggrmul-QTIMO - Y C. NELSON (Dm) (Signature) KATHY L SON (Date)
ACKNOWLEDGMENT: _
l STATE or ..... washington ......................., COUNTY OF .......   .......................... }ss.
0¤·“Vi°¤¤*> I certify that I know or have satisfactory evidence that .....   .... MQ/@(1 ..................
......   ..... Isa tt?ss£...AJQl%C! ...............................................,.................,...............,.............................
.. ................................................................................. is/@7the individual(s) who appeared before
me, and said individual(s) acknowledged that she/he/they signed this instrument and
acknowledged it to be a free zu T rs ,_ tary act for the uses and purposes mentioned in the
instrument. 0A   »
Dated;   Y x6`! M €'b4_’•.% ,,...  
.  Q? gg?-ag}? Y'} E (Notary Pu lic in and for the State of Washington, _
e g   A residing at)
’   H/ELIC   \;
My appointment expires: N *7   I
.......... 6:   ...........     I ...... KZ<??€—?..4€?!§f.. .....  
mnoums   CONVEYANCE
(Not to be completed until paid in full)
TO TRUSTEE: _
The undersigned is the holder of the note or notes secured by this Deed of Trust. Said note or notes, together
with all other indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust, have been paid in full. You are hereby directed to
cancel this Deed of Trust, which is delivered hereby, and to reconvey, without warranty, all the estate now
held by you under this Deed of Trust to the person or persons legally entitled thereto.
WA_LlNEMTG986 V1 (Page 6 of 6)
1248578  1/08/2009 11:45 AH DT S I
Page 8 of 7 R 49.00 Grant Co, LIA
FI ST AMERICAN EQUITY LOAN SERVICES

  ’
I
N
EXHIBIT A
LOT 1, RAPOZO SHORT PLAT, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF
RECORDED IN VOLUME 3 OF SHORT PLATS, PAGES 36 AND 37, RECORDS
OF GRANT COUNTY, WASHINGTON.
SITUATED IN THE COUNTY OF GRANT AND STATE OF WASHINGTON.
ABBRV. LEGAL:
LOT 1 RAPOZO SHORT PLAT VOL 3 PGS 36-37
Permanent Parcel Number: 311336000
TIMOTHY C. NELSON AND KATHY L. NELSON, HUSBAND AND WIFE
1028 LAGUNA DRIVE, MOSES LAKE WA 98837
Loan Reference Number : 383661/4517254568
First American Order N0: 39206570
Identifier; L/FIRST AMERICAN EQUITY LOAN SERVICES
I
I
1
I
1248518  1/08/2009 11:45 I-IH DT
Page 7 of 7 R 49.00 Grant C0, UR
FI sr nnsnxcnu snuxrv Loan ssnvxcss
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII N

