r \ i
AFTER RECORDING RETURN TO:
UPF SERVICES LLC
910 W BOONE AVE
gPOKANEVli/%99201
EF # IL 7 0 G 9 _
' 8}   . " 3%%.% ‘°·¤£E’...‘Z"c., .r..°*
IIIIIIII||l|||I|I||I||I||IlllI|Il|lIII||l|II||lI|I|l||III|l||IIllI||Il||||I|l|lI|II|I
 
DEED OF TRUST
DATE: December 19, 2008
Reference # (if applicable): Additional on page _  
Grantor(s): l
1. Allen, Charles D. i
2. Allen, Loralyn (
Grantee(s)  
1. WASHINGTON TRUST BANK
2. UPF Washington, Incorporated, Trustee  
Legal Description: Lot 6, Block 4, Paradise Flats Major Phase 2, Vol. 26 Pgs. 4 - 7, Grant  
County  
Additional on page 2
l Assessor's Tax Parcel lD#: 041990731
l  
  THIS DEED OF TRUST is dated December 19, 2008, among Charles Allen and Loralyn Allen.  
  husband and wife, whose address is 718 Willow Ave., Quincy, WA 98845 ("Grantor"); l
i WASHINGTON TRUST BANK, whose mailing address is OUINCY , 509 CENTRAL AVENUE l
l SOUTH, OUINCY, WA 98848 (referred to below sometimes as "Lender" and sometimes as  
"Beneficiary"); and UPF Washington, Incorporated, whose mailing address is 910 West Boone (
Avenue. Spokane, WA 99201 (referred to below as "Trustee").
l
  .
l
“ 1

s I
DEED OF TRUST
(Continued) Page 2
 
CONVEYANCE AND GRANT. For valuable consideration. Grantor conveys to Trustee in trust with power of sale, right
of entry and possession and for the benefit of Lender as Beneficiary, all of Grantor's right, title, and interest in and to
the following described real property, together with all existing or subsequently erected or affixed buildings,
improvements and fixtures; all easements, rights of way, and appurtenances; all water, water rights and ditch rights
(including stock in utilities with ditch or irrigation rights); and all other rights, royalties, and profits relating to the real
property, including without limitation all minerals, oil, gas, geothermal and similar matters, (lCh6 "Real PI’0p6l‘1Iy")
located in Grant County, State of Washington:
Lot 6, Block 4, Paradise Flats Major Plat Phase 2, according to the plat thereof recorded in
Volume 26 of Plats, page 4 through 7, records of Grant County, Washington.
The Real Property or its address is commonly known as 718 Willow Ave., Quincy, WA
98845. The Real Property tax identification number is 041990731.
REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT. This Deed of Trust secures the Indebtedness including, without limitation, a revolving
line of credit, with a variable rate of interest, which obligates Lender to make advances to Grantor up to the credit limit
so long as Grantor complies with all the terms of the Credit Agreement and the line of credit has not been terminated.
suspended or cancelled; the Credit Agreement allows negative amortization. Such advances may be made. repaid, and
remade from time to time, subject to the limitation that the total outstanding balance owing at any one time, not
l including finance charges on such balance at a fixed or variable rate or sum as provided in the Credit Agreement, any
temporary overages, other charges, and any amounts expended or advanced as provided in either the Indebtedness
paragraph or this paragraph, shall not exceed the Credit Limit as provided in the Credit Agreement. It is the intention of
Grantor and Lender that this Deed of Trust secures the balance outstanding under the Credit Agreement from time to
time from zero up to the Credit Limit as provided in the Credit Agreement and any intermediate balance. Funds may be
advanced by Lender, repaid, and subsequently readvanced. The unpaid balance of the revolving line of credit may at
certain times be lower than the amount shown or zero. A zero balance does not terminate the line of credit or
  terminate Lender‘s obligation to advance funds to Grantor. Therefore, the lien of this Deed of Trust will remain in full
, force and effect notwithstanding any zero balance.
  Grantor hereby assigns as security to Lender, all of Grantor‘s right, title, and interest in and to all leases, Rents, and
  profits of the Property. This assignment is recorded in accordance with RCW 65.08.070; the lien created by this
  assignment is intended to be specific, perfected and choate upon the recording of this Deed of Trust. Lender grants to
Grantor a license to collect the Rents and profits, which license may be revoked at Lender's option and shall be I
automatically revoked upon acceleration of all or part of the Indebtedness. i
THIS DEED OF TRUST, INCLUDING THE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE RENTS AND l
PERSONAL PROPERTY, IS GIVEN TO SECURE (A) PAYMENT OF THE INDEBTEDNESS AND (B) PERFORMANCE OF
EACH OF GRANTOR'S AGREEMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE CREDIT AGREEMENT. THE RELATED
DOCUMENTS, AND THIS DEED OF TRUST. THIS DEED OF TRUST IS GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE FOLLOWING
TERMS:
PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall pay to Lender all
amounts secured by this Deed of Trust as they become due, and shall strictly and in a timely manner perform all of
Grantor's obligations under the Credit Agreement, this Deed of Trust, and the Related Documents.
POSSESSION AND MAINTENANCE OF THEPROPERTY. Grantor agrees that Grantor's possession and use of the
Property shall be governed by the following provisions:
Possession and Use. Until the occurrence of an Event of Default, Grantor may (1) remain in possession and
control of the Property; (2) use, operate or manage the Property; and (3) collect the Rents from the Property
(this privilege is a license from Lender to Grantor automatically revoked upon default). The following provisions
relate to the use of the Property or to other limitations on the Property. The Real Property is not used principally
for agricultural purposes. {
Duty to Maintain. Grantor shall maintain the Property in good condition and promptly perform all repairs,  
replacements, and maintenance necessary to preserve its value. (
Compliance With Environmental Laws. Grantor represents and warrants to Lender that: (1) During the period of `
Grantor's ownership of the Property, there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, l
release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance by any person on, under, about or from the Property;  
(2) Grantor has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that there has been, except as previously disclosed to and
acknowledged by Lender in writing, Ia) any breach or violation of any Environmental Laws, lb) any use, I
generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance
on, under, about or from the Property by any prior owners or occupants of the Property, or (c) any actual or
threatened litigation or claims of any kind by any person relating to such matters; and (3) Except as previously
disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writin9. (al neither Grantor nor any tenant, contractor, agent or other
authorized user of the Property shall use, generate, manufacture, store, treat, dispose of or release any Hazardous
Substance on, under, about or from the Property; and lb) any such activity shall be conducted in compliance with
all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations and ordinances, including without limitation all
Environmental Laws. Grantor authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Property to make such
inspections and tests, at Grantor's expense, as Lender may deem appropriate to determine compliance of the
Property with this section of the Deed of Trust. Any inspections or tests made by Lender shall be for Lender's
purposes only and shall not be construed to create any responsibility or liability on the part of Lender to Grantor or
to any other person. The representations and warranties contained herein are based on Grantor's due diligence in
investigating the Property for Hazardous Substances. Grantor hereby (ll releases and waives any future claims
against Lender for indemnity or contribution in the event Grantor becomes liable for cleanup or other costs under
any such laws; and (2) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Lender against any and all claims, losses,
liabilities, damages, penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or suffer resulting from
a breach of this section of the Deed of Trust or as a consequence of any use, generation, manufacture, storage,
disposal, release or threatened release occurring prior to Grantor's ownership or interest in the Property, whether
or not the same was or should have been known to Grantor. The provisions of this section of the Deed of Trust,
including the obligation to indemnify and defend, shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness and the satisfaction
and reconveyance of the lien of this Deed of Trust and shall not be affected by Lender's acquisition of any interest
in the Property, whether by foreclosure or otherwise.
Nuisance, Waste. Grantor shall not cause, conduct or permit any nuisance nor commit, permit, or suffer any
stripping of or waste on or to the Property or any portion of the Property. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Grantor will not remove, or grant to any other party the right to remove, any timber, minerals (including
oil and gas), coal, clay, scoria, soil, gravel or rock products without Lender's prior written consent.
1248374 01/05/2009 10: 15 RH DT
Pa • 2 of 8 R 50.00 Grant Ce, UR
UP! SVC  

DEED OF TRUST
(Continued) Page 3
 
Removal of Improvements. Grantor shall not demolish or remove any Improvements from the Real Property
without Lender's prior written consent. As a condition to the removal of any Improvements, Lender may require
Grantor to make arrangements satisfactory to Lender to replace such Improvements with Improvements of at least
equal value.
Lender's Right to Enter. Lender and Lender's agents and representatives may enter upon the Real Property at all
reasonable times to attend to Lender's interests and to inspect the Real Property for purposes of Grantor's
compliance with the terms and conditions of this Deed of Trust.
Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Grantor shall promptly comply, and shall promptly cause
compliance by all agents, tenants or other persons or entities of every nature whatsoever who rent, lease or
otherwise use or occupy the Property in any manner, with all laws, ordinances, and regulations, now or hereafter
in effect, of all governmental authorities applicable to the use or occupancy of the Property. Grantor may contest
in good faith any such law, ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during any proceeding, including
appropriate appeals, so long as Grantor has notified Lender in writing prior to doing so and so long as, in Lender's
sole opinion, Lender's interests in the Property are not jeopardized. Lender may require Grantor to post adequate
security or a surety bond, reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender's interest.
Duty to Protect. Grantor agrees neither to abandon or leave unattended the Property. Grantor shall do all other
acts, in addition to those acts set forth above in this section, which from the character and use of the Property are
reasonably necessary to protect and preserve the Property.
DUE ON SALE - CONSENT BY LENDER. Lender may, at Lender's option, (A) declare immediately due and payable all
sums secured by this Deed of Trust or (B) increase the interest rate provided for in the Credit Agreement or other
document evidencing the Indebtedness and impose such other conditions as Lender deems appropriate, upon the sale or
transfer, without Lender's prior written consent, of all or any part of the Real Property, or any interest in the Real
Property. A "sa|e or transfer" means the conveyance of Real Property or any right, title or interest in the Real Property;
whether legal, beneficial or equitable; whether voluntary or involuntary; whether by outright sale, deed, installment sale
contract, land contract, contract for deed, leasehold interest with a term greater than three (3) years, lease-option
contract, or by sale, assignment, or transfer of any beneficial interest in or to any land trust holding title to the Real
Property, or by any other method of conveyance of an interest in the Real Property. However, this option shall not be
exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited by federal law or by Washington law.
TAXES AND LIENS. The following provisions relating to the taxes and liens on the Property are part of this Deed of
Trust:
Payment. Grantor shall pay when due (and in all events prior to delinquency) all taxes, special taxes, assessments,
charges (including water and sewer), fines and impositions levied against or on account of the Property, and shall
pay when due all claims for work done on or for services rendered or material furnished to the Property. Grantor
shall maintain the Property free of all liens having priority over or equal to the interest of Lender under this Deed of
Trust, except for the lien of taxes and assessments not due, except for the Existing Indebtedness referred to
below, and except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust.
Right to Contest. Grantor may withhold payment of any tax, assessment, or claim in connection with a good faith
dispute over the obligation to pay, so long as Lender's interest in the Property is not jeopardized. If a lien arises or <
  is filed as a result of nonpayment, Grantor shall within fifteen (15) days after the lien arises or, if a lien is filed,
within fifteen (15) days after Grantor has notice of the filing, secure the discharge of the lien, or if requested by \
I Lender, deposit with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender in an I
amount sufficient to discharge the lien plus any costs and attorneys' fees, or other charges that could accrue as a i
result of a foreclosure or sale under the lien. In any contest, Grantor shall defend itself and Lender and shall I
satisfy any adverse judgment before enforcement against the Property. Grantor shall name Lender as an additional
obligee under any surety bond furnished in the contest proceedings.
Evidence of Payment. Grantor shall upon demand furnish to Lender satisfactory evidence of payment of the taxes
or assessments and shall authorize the appropriate governmental official to deliver to Lender at any time a written I
statement of the taxes and assessments against the Property.
Notice of Construction. Grantor shall notify Lender at least fifteen (15) days before any work is commenced, any
services are furnished, or any materials are supplied to the Property, if any mechanic's lien, materia|men's lien, or
other lien could be asserted on account of the work, services, or materials. Grantor will upon request of Lender I
furnish to Lender advance assurances satisfactory to Lender that Grantor can and will pay the cost of such \
improvements.
PROPERTY DAMAGE INSURANCE. The following provisions relating to insuring the Property are a part of this Deed of
Trust.
Maintenance of Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain policies of fire insurance with standard extended `
coverage endorsements on a replacement basis for the full insurable value covering all Improvements on the Real
Property in an amount sufficient to avoid application of any coinsurance clause, and with a standard mortgagee
clause in favor of Lender, together with such other hazard and liability insurance as Lender may reasonably require.
Policies shall be written in form, amounts, coverages and basis reasonably acceptable to Lender and issued by a
company or companies reasonably acceptable to Lender. Grantor, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender
from time to time the policies or certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that
coverages will not be cancelled or diminished without at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to Lender. Each
insurance policy also shall include an endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired
in any way by any act, omission or default of Grantor or any other person. Should the Real Property be located in
an area designated by the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard area,
Grantor agrees to obtain and maintain Federal Flood Insurance, if available, within 45 days after notice is given by
Lender that the Property is located in a special flood hazard area, for the maximum amount of Grantor's credit line
and the full unpaid principal balance of any prior liens on the property securing the loan, up to the maximum policy
limits set under the National Flood Insurance Program, or as otherwise required by Lender, and to maintain such
insurance for the term of the loan.
Application of Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly notify Lender of any loss or damage to the Property. Lender may
make proof of loss if Grantor fails to do so within fifteen (15) days of the casualty. Whether or not Lender's
security is impaired, Lender may, at Lender's election, receive and retain the proceeds of any insurance and apply
the proceeds to the reduction of the Indebtedness, payment of any lien affecting the Property, or the restoration
and repair of the Property. lf Lender elects to apply the proceeds to restoration and repair, Grantor shall repair or
replace the damaged or destroyed Improvements in a manner satisfactory to Lender. Lender shall, upon
satisfactory proof of such expenditure, pay or reimburse Grantor from the proceeds for the reasonable cost of
repair or restoration if Grantor is not in default under this Deed of Trust. Any proceeds which have not been
disbursed within 180 days after their receipt and which Lender has not committed to the repair or restoration of
the Property shall be used first to pay any amount owing to Lender under this Deed of Trust, then to pay accrued
1.248374 01./05/2 09 1.0:1.5 All DT 3
Pa • 3 of 8 R 50.00 Grant Ce, UR
UP! SVC [

DEED OF TRUST
(Continued) Page 4
 
interest, and the remainder, if any, shall be applied to the principal balance of the Indebtedness. lf Lender holds
any proceeds after payment in full of the Indebtedness, such proceeds shall be paid without interest to Grantor as
Grantor‘s interests may appear.
Compliance with Existing Indebtedness. During the period in which any Existing Indebtedness described below is
in effect, compliance with the insurance provisions contained in the instrument evidencing such Existing
Indebtedness shall constitute compliance with the insurance provisions under this Deed of Trust, to the extent
compliance with the terms of this Deed of Trust would constitute a duplication of insurance requirement. If any
proceeds from the insurance become payable on loss, the provisions in this Deed of Trust for division of proceeds
shall apply only to that portion of the proceeds not payable to the holder of the Existing Indebtedness.
LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. lf Grantor fails (A) to keep the Property free of all taxes, liens, security interests,
encumbrances, and other claims, (B) to provide any required insurance on the Property, (Cl to make repairs to the
Property or to comply with any obligation to maintain Existing Indebtedness in good standing as required below, then
Lender may do so. lf any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lender‘s interests in the
Property, then Lender on Grantor's behalf may, but is not required to, take any action that Lender believes to be
appropriate to protect Lender's interests. All expenses incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes will then bear
interest at the rate charged under the Credit Agreement from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of
repayment by Grantor. All such expenses will become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lender‘s option, will (A) be
payable on demand; (Bl be added to the balance of the Credit Agreement and be apportioned among and be payable
with any installment payments to become due during either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the
remaining term of the Credit Agreement; or (C) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the
Credit Agreement's maturity. The Deed of Trust also will secure payment of these amounts. The rights provided for in
this paragraph shall be in addition to any other rights or any remedies to which Lender may be entitled on account of
any default. Any such action by Lender shall not be construed as curing the default so as to bar Lender from any
remedy that it otherwise would have had.
WARRANTY; DEFENSE OF TITLE. The following provisions relating to ownership of the Property are a part of this Deed
of Trust:
Title. Grantor warrants that: (al Grantor holds good and marketable title of record to the Property in fee simple,
free and clear of all liens and encumbrances other than those set forth in the Real Property description or in the
Existing Indebtedness section below or in any title insurance policy, title report, or final title opinion issued in favor
of, and accepted by, Lender in connection with this Deed of Trust, and (bl Grantor has the full right, power, and
authority to execute and deliver this Deed of Trust to Lender.
Defense of Title. Subject to the exception in the paragraph above, Grantor warrants and will forever defend the
title to the Property against the lawful claims of all persons. In the event any action or proceeding is commenced
that questions Grantor's title or the interest of Trustee or Lender under this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall defend the
action at Grantor's expense. Grantor may be the nominal party in such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to
participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel of Lender's own choice, and
Grantor will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to` Lender such instruments as Lender may request from time to time
to permit such participation.
~ Compliance With Laws. Grantor warrants that the Property and Grantor's use of the Property complies with all
existing applicable laws, ordinances, and regulations of governmental authorities.
I Survival of Promises. All promises, agreements, and statements Grantor has made in this Deed of Trust shall
  survive the execution and delivery of this Deed of Trust, shall be continuing in nature and shall remain in full force
` and effect until such time as Grantor‘s Indebtedness is paid in full.
EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS. The following provisions concerning Existing Indebtedness are a part of this Deed of Trust: ,
Existing Lien. The lien of this Deed of Trust securing the Indebtedness may be secondary and inferior to an (
existing lien. Grantor expressly covenants and agrees to pay, or see to the payment of, the Existing Indebtedness I
and to prevent any default on such indebtedness, any default under the instruments evidencing such indebtedness,
or any default under any security documents for such indebtedness. I
No Modification. Grantor shall not enter into any agreement with the holder of any mortgage, deed of trust, or
other security agreement which has priority over this Deed of Trust by which that agreement is modified,
amended, extended, or renewed without the prior written consent of Lender. Grantor shall neither request nor
accept any future advances under any such security agreement without the prior written consent of Lender. (
CONDEMNATION. The following provisions relating to condemnation proceedings are a part of this Deed of Trust: I
Proceedings. If any proceeding in condemnation is filed, Grantor shall promptly notify Lender in writing, and
Grantor shall promptly take such steps as may be necessary to defend the action and obtain the award. Grantor
may be the nominal party in such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be 4
represented in the proceeding by counsel of its own choice all at Grantor's expense, and Grantor will deliver or
cause to be delivered to Lender such instruments and documentation as may be requested by Lender from time to
time to permit such participation.
Application of Net Proceeds. If all or any part of the Property is condemned by eminent domain proceedings or by
any proceeding or purchase in lieu of condemnation, Lender may at its election require that all or any portion of the
net proceeds of the award be applied to the Indebtedness or the repair or restoration of the Property. The net
proceeds of the award shall mean the award after payment of all reasonable costs, expenses, and attorneys' fees
incurred by Trustee or Lender in connection with the condemnation.
IMPOSITION OF TAXES. FEES AND CHARGES BY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. The following provisions relating
to governmental taxes, fees and charges are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Current Taxes, Fees and Charges. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall execute such documents in addition to
this Deed of Trust and take whatever other action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender‘s lien on
the Real Property. Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all taxes, as described below, together with all expenses
incurred in recording, perfecting or continuing this Deed of Trust, including without limitation all taxes, fees,
documentary stamps, and other charges for recording or registering this Deed of Trust.
Taxes. The following shall constitute taxes to which this section applies: (1) a specific tax upon this type of
Deed of Trust or upon all or any part of the Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust; (2) a specific tax on
Grantor which Grantor is authorized or required to deduct from payments on the Indebtedness secured by this type
of Deed of Trust; (3) a tax on this type of Deed of Trust chargeable against the Lender or the holder of the Credit
Agreement; and (4) a specific tax on all or any portion of the Indebtedness or on payments of principal and
interest made by Grantor. y
Subsequent Taxes. lf any tax to which this section applies is enacted subsequent to the date of this Deed of
1248374 01/05/2009 1 ¤ : 15 All DT
Pe • 4 ef 8 R 50.00 Grant Ce, UR
UP! SVC

I
DEED OF TRUST
(Continued) Page 5
 
Trust, this event shall have the same effect as an Event of Default, and Lender may exercise any or all of its
available remedies for an Event of Default as provided below unless Grantor either (1) pays the tax before it
becomes delinquent, or (2) contests the tax as provided above in the Taxes and Liens section and deposits with
Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender.
SECURITY AGREEMENT: FINANCING STATEMENTS. The following provisions relating to this Deed of Trust as a
security agreement are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Security Agreement. This instrument shall constitute a Security Agreement to the extent any of the Property
constitutes fixtures, and Lender shall have all of the rights of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code
as amended from time to time.
Security Interest. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall take whatever action is requested by Lender to perfect
and continue Lender's security interest in the Personal Property. ln addition to recording this Deed of Trust in the
real property records, Lender may, at any time and without further authorization from Grantor, file executed
counterparts, copies or reproductions of this Deed of Trust as a financing statement. Grantor shall reimburse
Lender for all expenses incurred in perfecting or continuing this security interest. Upon default, Grantor shall not
remove, sever or detach the Personal Property from the Property. Upon default, Grantor shall assemble any
Personal Property not affixed to the Property in a manner and at a place reasonably convenient to Grantor and
Lender and make it available to Lender within three (3) days after receipt of written demand from Lender to the
, extent permitted by applicable law.
i Addresses. The mailing addresses of Grantor (debtor) and Lender (secured party) from which information
concerning the security interest granted by this Deed of Trust may be obtained (each as required by the Uniform
Commercial Code) are as stated on the first page of this Deed of Trust.
FURTHER ASSURANCES; ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. The following provisions relating to further assurances and
attorney-in-fact are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Further Assurances. At any time, and from time to time, upon request of Lender, Grantor will make, execute and
deliver, or will cause to be made, executed or delivered, to Lender or to Lender's designee, and when requested by
Lender, cause to be filed, recorded, refiled, or rerecorded, as the case may be, at such times and in such offices
and places as Lender may deem appropriate, any and all such mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, security
agreements, financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance, certificates, and
other documents as may, in the sole opinion of Lender, be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate, complete,
perfect, continue, or preserve (1) Grantor's obligations under the Credit Agreement, this Deed of Trust, and the
Related Documents, and (2) the liens and security interests created by this Deed of Trust on the Property,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired by Grantor. Unless prohibited by law or Lender agrees to the contrary in
writing, Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the matters referred
to in this paragraph.
Attorney-in-Fact. lf Grantor fails to do any of the things referred to in the preceding paragraph, Lender may do so
for and in the name of Grantor and at Grantor's expense. For such purposes, Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints
Lender as Grantor's attorney-in—fact for the purpose of making, executing, delivering, filing, recording, and doing all
other things as may be necessary or desirable, in Lender's sole opinion, to accomplish the matters referred to in
) the preceding paragraph.
( FULL PERFORMANCE. If Grantor pays all the Indebtedness when due, terminates the credit line account, and otherwise
i performs all the obligations imposed upon Grantor under this Deed of Trust, Lender shall execute and deliver to Trustee
a request for full reconveyance and shall execute and deliver to Grantor suitable statements of termination of any
financing statement on file evidencing Lender's security interest in the Rents and the Personal Property. Any ,
reconveyance fee shall be paid by Grantor, if permitted by applicable law. The grantee in any reconveyance may be I
described as the " person or persons legally entitled thereto", and the recitals in the reconveyance of any matters or `
facts shall be conclusive proof of the truthfulness of any such matters or facts.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Grantor will be in default under this Deed of Trust if any of the following happen: (A) Grantor
commits fraud or makes a material misrepresentation at any time in connection with the Credit Agreement. This can
include, for example, a false statement about Grantor's income, assets, liabilities, or any other aspects of Grantor's
financial condition. (B) Grantor does not meet the repayment terms of the Credit Agreement. (Cl Grantor's action or
inaction adversely affects the collateral or Lender's rights in the collateral. This can include, for example, failure to
maintain required insurance, waste or destructive use of the dwelling, failure to pay taxes, death of all persons liable on
the account, transfer of title or sale of the dwelling, creation of a senior lien on the dwelling without Lender's
permission, foreclosure by the holder of another lien, or the use of funds or the dwelling for prohibited purposes. ‘
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. lf an Event of Default occurs under this Deed of Trust, at any time thereafter,
Trustee or Lender may exercise any one or more of the following rights and remedies:
Election of Remedies. All of Lender's rights and remedies will be cumulative and may be exercised alone or {
together. An election by Lender to choose any one remedy will not bar Lender from using any other remedy. lf
Lender decides to spend money or to perform any of Grantor's obligations under this Deed of Trust, after Grantor's
failure to do so, that decision by Lender will not affect Lender's right to declare Grantor in default and to exercise
Lender's remedies.
Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender shall have the right at its option to declare the entire Indebtedness immediately
due and payable.
Foreclosure. With respect to all or any part of the Real Property, the Trustee shall have the right to exercise its
power of sale and to foreclose by notice and sale, and Lender shall have the right to foreclose by judicial
foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to the full extent provided by applicable law.
UCC Remedies. With respect to all or any part of the Personal Property, Lender shall have all the rights and
remedies of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code.
Collect Rents. Lender shall have the right, without notice to Grantor to take possession of and manage the
Property and collect the Rents, including amounts past due and unpaid, and apply the net proceeds, over and
above Lender's costs, against the indebtedness. ln furtherance of this right, Lender may require any tenant or
other user of the Property to make payments of rent or use fees directly to Lender. If the Rents are collected by
Lender, then Grantor irrevocably designates Lender as Grantor's attorney-in-fact to endorse instruments received in
payment thereof in the name of Grantor and to negotiate the same and collect the proceeds. Payments by tenants
or other users to Lender in response to Lender's demand shall satisfy the obligations for which the payments are
made, whether or not any proper grounds for the demand existed. Lender may exercise its rights under this
subparagraph either in person, by agent, or through a receiver.
Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to take possession of all or any part of
the Property, with the power to protect and preserve the Property, to operate the Property preceding or pending
gs42%74+_ 8 01/  5/2009 10: 15 RH DT
UP! svc¤ R 50 .00 Grant Co, HR

I
DEED OF TRUST
(Continued) Page 6
 
foreclosure or sale, and to collect the Rents from the Property and apply the proceeds, over and above the cost of
the receivership, against the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without bond if permitted by law. Lender's
right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the Property exceeds the
Indebtedness by a substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from serving as a
receiver.
Tenancy at Sufferance. If Grantor remains in possession of the Property after the Property is sold as provided
above or Lender otherwise becomes entitled to possession of the Property upon default of Grantor, Grantor shall
become a tenant at sufferance of Lender or the purchaser of the Property and shall, at Lender's option, either (ll
pay a reasonable rental for the use of the Property, or (2) vacate the Property immediately upon the demand of
Lender.
Other Remedies. Trustee or Lender shall have any other right or remedy provided in this Deed of Trust or the
Credit Agreement or available at law or in equity.
Notice of Sale. Lender shall give Grantor reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale of the Personal
Property or of the time after which any private sale or other intended disposition of the Personal Property is to be
made. Reasonable notice shall mean notice given at least ten (10) days before the time of the sale or disposition.
Any sale ofthe Personal Property may be made in conjunction with any sale of the Real Property.
Sale of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Grantor hereby waives any and all rights to have
the Property marshalled. In exercising its rights and remedies, the Trustee or Lender shall be free to sell all or any
part of the Property together or separately, in one sale or by separate sales. Lender shall be entitled to bid at any
public sale on all or any portion of the Property.
Attorneys' Fees: Expenses. If Lender institutes any suit or action to enforce any of the terms of this Deed of
Trust, Lender shall be entitled to recover such sum as the court may adjudge reasonable as attorneys' fees at trial
and upon any appeal. Whether or not any court action is involved, and to the extent not prohibited by law, all
reasonable expenses Lender incurs that in Lender's opinion are necessary at any time for the protection of its
interest or the enforcement of its rights shall become a part of the Indebtedness payable on demand and shall bear
interest at the Credit Agreement rate from the date of the expenditure until repaid. Expenses covered by this
paragraph include, without limitation, however subject to any limits under applicable law, Lender's attorneys' fees
and Lender's legal expenses, whether or not there is a lawsuit, including attorneys' fees and expenses for
bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any
anticipated post-judgment collection services, the cost of searching records, obtaining title reports (including
foreclosure reports), surveyors' reports, and_ appraisal fees, title insurance, and fees for the Trustee, to the extent
permitted by applicable law. Grantor also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums provided by law.
Rights of Trustee. Trustee shall have all of the rights and duties of Lender as set forth in this section.
I POWERS AND OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE. The following provisions relating to the powers and obligations of Trustee
I (pursuant to Lender's instructions) are part of this Deed of Trust:
( Powers of Trustee. In addition to all powers of Trustee arising as a matter of law, Trustee shall have the power to
I take the following actions with respect to the Property upon the written request of Lender and Grantor: (al join in
preparing and filing a map or plat of the Real Property, including the dedication of streets or other rights to the (
public; (b) join in granting any easement or creating any restriction on the Real Property; and (cl join in any I
subordination or other agreement affecting this Deed of Trust or the interest of Lender under this Deed of Trust. I
Obligations to Notify. Trustee shall not be obligated to notify any other party of a pending sale under any other
trust deed or lien, or of any action or proceeding in which Grantor, Lender, or Trustee shall be a party, unless
required by applicable law, or unless the action or proceeding is brought by Trustee.
Trustee. Trustee shall meet all qualifications required for Trustee under applicable law. In addition to the rights
and remedies set forth above, with respect to all or any part of the Property, the Trustee shall have the right to
foreclose by notice and sale, and Lender will have the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in
accordance with and to the full extent provided by applicable law.
Successor Trustee. Lender, at Lender's option, may from time to time appoint a successor Trustee to any Trustee
appointed under this Deed of Trust by an instrument executed and acknowledged by Lender and recorded in the
office of the recorder of Grant County, State of Washington. The instrument shall contain, in addition to all other
matters required by state law, the names of the original Lender, Trustee, and Grantor, the book and page or the
Auditor‘s File Number where this Deed of Trust is recorded, and the name and address of the successor trustee,
and the instrument shall be executed and acknowledged by Lender or its successors in interest. The successor
trustee, without conveyance of the Property, shall succeed to all the title, power, and duties conferred upon the
Trustee in this Deed of Trust and by applicable law. This procedure for substitution of Trustee shall govern to the
exclusion of all other provisions for substitution.  
NOTICES. Subject to applicable law, and except for notice required or allowed by law to be given in another manner,
any notice required to be given under this Deed of Trust, including without limitation any notice of default and any
notice of sale shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually received by
telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if
mailed, when deposited in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail postage prepaid, directed to
the addresses shown near the beginning of this Deed of Trust. All copies of notices of foreclosure from the holder of
any lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust shall be sent to Lender's address, as shown near the beginning of
this Deed of Trust. Any person may change his or her address for notices under this Deed of Trust by giving formal
written notice to the other person or persons, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the person's
address. For notice purposes, Grantor agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of Grantor's current address.
Subject to applicable law, and except for notice required or allowed by law to be given in another manner, if there is
more than one Grantor, any notice given by Lender to any Grantor is deemed to be notice given to all Grantors. It will
be Grantor's responsibility to tell the others of the notice from Lender.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Amendments. What is written in this Deed of Trust and in the Related Documents is Grantor's entire agreement
with Lender concerning the matters covered by this Deed of Trust. To be effective, any change or amendment to
· this Deed of Trust must be in writing and must be signed by whoever will be bound or obligated by the change or
amendment.
Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Deed of Trust are for convenience purposes only and are not to be
used to interpret or define the provisions of this Deed of Trust.
Merger. There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Deed of Trust with any other interest or
estate in the Property at any time held by or for the benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent
of Lender.
g34:%7:f 8  1/OE/33%% 10:615 nn nt
UP! svc - rant Ce , UA

DEED OF TRUST
(Continued) Page 7
 
Governing Law. This Deed of Trust will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not
preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of Washington without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Deed of Trust has been accepted by Lender in the State of Washington.
Choice of Venue. If there is a lawsuit, Grantor agrees upon Lender‘s request to submit to the jurisdiction of the
courts of GRANT County, State of Washington.
Joint and Several Liability. All obligations of Grantor under this Deed of Trust shall be joint and several, and all
references to Grantor shall mean each and every Grantor. This means that each Grantor signing below is
responsible for all obligations in this Deed of Trust.
No Waiver by Lender. Grantor understands Lender will not give up any of Lender‘s rights under this Deed of Trust
unless Lender does so in writing. The fact that Lender delays or omits to exercise any right will not mean that
Lender has given up that right. If Lender does agree in writing to give up one of Lender‘s rights, that does not
mean Grantor will not have to comply with the other provisions of this Deed of Trust. Grantor also understands
that if Lender does consent to a request, that does not mean that Grantor will not have to get Lender‘s consent
again if the situation happens again. Grantor further understands that just because Lender consents to one or
more of Grantor‘s requests, that does not mean Lender will be required to consent to any of Grantor‘s future
requests. Grantor waives presentment, demand for payment, protest, and notice of dishonor.
Severability. lf a court finds that any provision of this Deed of Trust is not valid or should not be enforced, that
fact by itself will not mean that the rest of this Deed of Trust will not be valid or enforced. Therefore, a court will
enforce the rest of the provisions of this Deed of Trust even if a provision of this Deed of Trust may be found to be
invalid or unenforceable.
Successors and Assigns. Subject to any limitations stated in this Deed of Trust on transfer of Grantor‘s interest,
this Deed of Trust shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns. lf
ownership of the Property becomes vested in a person other than Grantor, Lender, without notice to Grantor, may
deal with Grantor‘s successors with reference to this Deed of Trust and the Indebtedness by way of forbearance or
extension without releasing Grantor from the obligations of this Deed of Trust or liability under the Indebtedness.
Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Deed of Trust.
Waiver of Homestead Exemption. Grantor hereby releases and waives all rights and benefits of the homestead
exemption laws of the State of Washington as to aII  Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust.
DEFINITIONS. The following words shall have the following meanings when used in this Deed of Trust:
Beneficiary. The word "Beneficiary" means WASHINGTON TRUST BANK, and its successors and assigns.
Borrower. The word "Borrower" means Charles D. Allen and Loralyn Allen and includes all co-signers and
co-makers signing the Credit Agreement and all their successors and assigns.
Credit Agreement. The words "Credit Agreement" mean the credit agreement dated December 19, 2008, with
credit Ilmlt of $9,000.00 from Grantor to Lender, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications
of, refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the promissory note or agreement. NOTICE TO \
GRANTOR: THE CREDIT AGREEMENT CONTAINS A VARIABLE INTEREST RATE. j
Deed of Trust. The words "Deed of Trust" mean this Deed of Trust among Grantor, Lender, and Trustee. and
includes without limitation all assignment and security interest provisions relating to the Personal Property and
Rents.
Environmental Laws. The words "Environmental Laws" mean any and all state, federal and local statutes,
regulations and ordinances relating to the protection of human health or the environment, including without
limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42
U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. ("CERCLA"), the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L.
No. 99·499 ("SARA"), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq., the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws, rules,
or regulations adopted pursuant thereto.
Event of Default. The words "Event of Default" mean any of the events of default set forth in this Deed of Trust in
the events of default section of this Deed of Trust.
Existing Indebtedness. The words "Existing lndebtedness" mean the indebtedness described in the Existing Liens
provision of this Deed of Trust.
Grantor. The word "Grantor" means Charles D. Allen and Loralyn Allen.
Hazardous Substances. The words "Hazardous Substances" mean materials that, because of their quantity,
concentration or physical, chemical or infectious characteristics, may cause or`p0se a present or potential hazard
to human health or the environment when improperly used, treated, stored, disposed of, generated, manufactured,
transported or otherwise handled. The words "Hazardous Substances" are used in their very broadest sense and
include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or waste as defined by or listed
under the Environmental Laws. The term "Hazardous Substances" also includes, without limitation, petroleum and
petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos.
Improvements. The word "lmprovements" means all existing and future improvements, buildings, structures,
mobile homes affixed on the Real Property, facilities, additions, replacements and other construction on the Real
Property.
Indebtedness. The word "lndebtedness" means all principal, interest, and other amounts, costs and expenses
payable under the Credit Agreement or Related Documents, together with all renewals of, extensions of,
modifications of, consolidations of and substitutions for the Credit Agreement or Related Documents and any
amounts expended or advanced by Lender to discharge Grantor‘s obligations or expenses incurred by Trustee or
Lender to enforce Grantor‘s obligations under this Deed of Trust, together with interest on such amounts as
provided in this Deed of Trust.
Lender. The word "Lender" means WASHINGTON TRUST BANK, its successors and assigns. The words
"successors or assigns" mean any person or company that acquires any interest in the Credit Agreement.
Personal Property. The words "Personal Property"-mean all equipment, fixtures, and other articles of personal
property now or hereafter owned by Grantor, and now or hereafter attached or affixed to the Real Property;
together with all accessions, parts, and additions to, all replacements of, and all substitutions for, any of such
property; and together with all issues and profits thereon and proceeds (including without limitation all insurance
proceeds and refunds of premiums) from any sale or other disposition of the Property.
Property. The word " Property" means collectively the Real Property and the Personal Property.
1248374 01/05/20 9 10: 15 All DT
Page 'I of 8 R 50.00 Grant. Ce , IIA
UP SVC

0 · '
A
DEED OF TRUST
(Continued) Page 8
 
Real Property. The words "Real Property" mean the real property, interests and rights, as further described in this
Deed of Trust.
Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan
agreements, environmental agreements, guaranties, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security
deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments, agreements and documents, whether now or hereafter
existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness.
Rents. The word "Rents" means all present and future rents, revenues, income, issues, royalties, profits, and
other benefits derived from the Property.
Trustee. The word "Trustee" means UPF Washington, Incorporated, whose mailing address is 910 West Boone
Avenue, Spokane, WA 99201 and any substitute or successor trustees.
EACH GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS DEED OF TRUST, AND EACH
GRANTOR AGREES TO ITS TERMS. .
GRANT  /7 Z
I Charles D.    n
L°'°'*' ” “°" I   }?1.f;Q#}Q{—Y’ titR" 1  
r F; Q ig rx,.   {Fx) *7   "»@_:,",.;  
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT ¥   y I '      
.   —’e..j  j__  
sure or (JU A I   *1.-i.1;i.£‘3    
 °   gr °eZ°‘;f§'.l'<I\§*:* ·$"
ISS ‘·~.,, It I.w=.*.»i‘* .—.¤‘*"
'&"¢¤$I.mII·¤‘“"
COUNTY OF I
On this day before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally appeared Charles D. Allen, personally known to me or
proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual described in and who executed the Deed of
Trust, and acknowledged that he or she signed the Deed of Trust as his or her free and voluntary act and deed, for the
uses and purposes therein mentioned.
Given under my hand and official seal this   4+*/ day of   , 20 QR
l  R¤¤i¤i¤e ¤¤  £!%
Notary Public in and for the State of   My commission expires     BQ I
‘ '   
. {pig. Gym?] #;:._‘;‘,f_) `»_»
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT I   _. Gm. -    
T`. 5 Ia. \éA I...,._gi. g, E :2
· Q 5 ···~<¢~   E I Q
STATE OF U A I Vg    JBUQLEQ P  
. I SS 2;{;.;;g5g ,8 .Zq,<}°?ZjN,§;€;:
couwrv or   I   0g¥‘g;ggtt}¥~‘·`;?_~.@
”"'i‘iIsiIiiIi\““"
On this day before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally appeared Loralyn Allen. personally known to me or l
proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual described in and who executed the Deed of I
Trust, and acknowledged that he or she signed the Deed of Trust as his or her free and voluntary act and deed, for the
uses and purposes therein mentioned.
Given under my hand and official seal this   I T day of K [   , 20 OK
  R¤Sidi¤¤ ¤t Q, 2;.*·'!i-EX
Notary Public in and for the State of LQA My commission expires  
1248374 01/05/2009 10: 15 RH DT I
Page 5 of 8 R 50 .00 Grant. Co, HA I
UP SVC   A

