I"]
\9
ol Return To:
WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.
FINAL DOCUMENTS X9999-01M
1000 Bl-UE GENTIAN ROAD
EAGAN, MN 55121-1663 7/ ,_
7 ii-K ·$[2Z’f  ii- E}!
Assessor's Parcel or Account Number: • ·
Abgreviamd L9 al D€SCrmOn./ FIISI IIIIIBIICHQ IQIIIGQEUIHIICB C0.
/J   {V2;   l,I;k( I /Vél'(/     lg z I rf
[Include lot, [lock and plat or section, township and range} Full legal descl'IpIIOt‘1 IOCated On page 3.
Trustee: NORTHWEST TRUSTEE SERVICES, LLC
—-- T——- [Space Above This Line For Recording; Data] ~—-——* --Q
DEED OF TRUST 0176999092
DEFINITIONS
Words used in multiple sections of this document are destined below and other
words are defined in Sections 3, 11, 13, 18, 20 and 21. Certain rules regarding the
usage of words used in this document are also provided in Section 16.
(A) "Security Instrument" means this document, which is dated JUNE 19, 2008 ,
together with all Riders to this document.
(B) "Borrower" is
RAYMOND C KRAUSE, A SINGLE PERSON.
Borrower is the trustor under this Security Instrument. l
(C) "Lender" is WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.
Lender is a National Association `
organized and existing under the laws of THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA _
WASHINGTON - Single Family - Famie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT FORM 3048 Um
Page1oft9 swim rev cane/m
3 1 130 1 3
Page: 1 of 20
08/24/2006 03:01P
FIQMTI DT 62.00 Pacific Cc, HR

Lender's address is
P. O. BOX 5137, DES MOINES, IA 50306-5137 _
Lender is the beneficiary under this Security Instrument.
(D) "Trustee" is NORTHWEST TRUSTEE SERVICES, LLC -
(E) "Ncte " means the promissory note signed by Borrower and dated JUNE 19, 2008 .
The Note states that Borrower owes Lender ONE HUNDRED FORTY-TWO THOUSAND
EIGHT HUNDRED F|FTY—SiEVEN AND NO/100 Dollars
(U.S. S .... ]flZ»E§7.-.09 ............. ) plus interest. Borrower has promised to pay this debt in
regular Periodic Payments and to pay the debt in full not later than JULY 1, 2038 _
(F) "Prcperty" means the property that is described below under the heading
"Transfer of Rights in the Property."
(G) "Lcan" means the debt evidenced by the Note, plus interest, any prepayment
charges and late charges due under the Note, and all sums due under this Security
Instrument, plus interest.
(H) "Riders" means all Riders to this Security Instrument that are executed by
Borrower. The following Riders are to be executed by Borrower [check box as
applicable]:
I]/tdjustable Rate RiderL;ICond0minium Rider mSecond Home Rider
;lBal|oon Rider L]P|anned Unit Development Ridierlj 1-4 Family Rider
EVA Rider []Biweekly Payment Rider Cl Other(s) [specify]
(I) "Applicable Law" means all controlling applicable federal, state and local statutes,
regulations, ordinances and administrative rules and orders (that have the effect of
law) as well as all applicable final, non-appealable judicial opinions.
(J) "Community Associatiion Dues, Fees, and Assessments" means atl dues, fees,
assessments and other charges that are imposed on Borrower or the Property by a
condominium association, homeowners association or similar organization,
(K) "Electrcnic Funds Transfer" means any transfer of funds, other than a transaction
originated by check, draft. or similar paper instrument, which is initiated through an
electronic terminal, teiephonic instrument, computer, or magnetic tape so as to order,
instruct, or authorize a financial institution to debit or credit an account. Such term
includes, but is not limited to, point—of-sale transfers, automated teller machine
transactions, transfers initiated by telephone, wire transfers, and automated
clearinghouse transfers.
(L) "Escrow Items" means those items that are described in Section 3.
(M) "Miscellaneous Prcceeds" means any compensation, settlement, award of
damages, or proceeds paid by any third party (other than insurance proceeds paid
under the coverages described in Section 5) for: (i) damage to, or destruction of, the
Property; (ii) condemnation or other taking of all or any part ofthe Property; (iii)
conveyance in lieu of condemnation; or (iv) misrepresentations of, or omissions as to,
the value and/or condition ofthe Property.
(N) "Mortgage lnsurance»" means insurance protecting Lender against the
nonpayment of, or default on, the Loan.
(O) "Periodic Payment" means the regularly scheduled amount due for (i) principal
swan; gev 04/;;;/Oi Pagezof 19 FORM 3048 1/01
31 13013
IllllllllllllllllillllIllllillllllIlllliillllllllllilll »··· r ~ =»
06/24/2008 03:019
FIRMTI DT 62.00 Pacific Cc, HA

and interest under the Note, plus (ii) any amounts under Section :3 of this Security
Instrument.
(P) "RIESPA" means the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (12 U.S.C. Section
2501 et seq.) and its implementing regulation, Regulation X (24 CFR. Part 3500),as
they might be amended from time to time, or any additional or successor legislation
or regulation that governs the same subject matter. As used in this Security
Instrument, "RESPA" refers to all requirements and restrictions that are imposed in
regard to a "federally related mortgage loan" even ifthe Loan does not qualify as a
"federally related mortgage loan" under RESPA.
(Q) "Successor in Interest of Borrower" means any party that has taken title to the
Property, whether or not that party has assumed Borrower's obligations under the
Note and/orthis Security Instrument.
TRANSFER OF RIGHTS IN THE PROPERTY
This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (i] the repayment ofthe Loan, and all
renewals, extensions and modihcations of the Note; and (ii) the performance of
Borrower's convenants and agreements under this Security Instrument and the
Note. For this purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to Trustee, in
trust, with power of sale, the following described property located inthe
County of PACIFIC i
[Type of Recording Jurisdiction] [Name of Recording Jurisdiction]
LEGAL DESCRIPTION ATTACHED HERETO AND MADE A PART HEREOF.
TAX ID/PARCEL: ”/4042000041
THIS IS A PURCHASE MONEY MORTGAGE.
Parcel ID Number: which currently has the address of
20119 T STREET [Street]
OCEAN PARK [City], Washington 98640 [Zip Code]
("Property Address"):
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property,
and all easements, appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the
property. All replacements and additions shall also be covered by this Security
Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the
"Property."
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby
conveyed and has the right to grant and convey the Property and that the Property
is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of record. Borrower warrants and will
defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands, subject to
any encumbrances of record.
swA0e nev 04/02/01 Page 3 01 19 FORM 3048 1/01
P•9•: 3 of 20
llllllllllllllll Illllllllll llllllllllll llllllll llll llll “ “’°”
08/24/2008 03:01P
rinntt or 62,00 prairie ce. un

THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use
and non-uniform covenants with limited variations by _jurisdiction to constitute a
uniform security instrument covering real property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal, Interest, Escrow Items, Prepayment Charges, and Late
Charges. Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and interest on, the debt
evidenced by the Note and any prepayment charges and late charges due under
the Note. Borrower shall also pay funds for Escrow Items pursuant to Section 3.
Payments due under the Note and this Security instrument shall be made in U.S.
currency. However, ifany check or other instrument received by Lender as payment
under the Note or this Security Instrument is returned to Lender unpaid, Lender
may require that any or all subsequent payments due under the Note and this
Security Instrument be made in one or more of the following forms, as selected by
Lender: (a) cash; (b) money order; (c) certified check, bank check, treasurer's check
or cashier's check, provided any such check is drawn upon an institution whose
deposits are insurecl by a federal agency, instrumentality, or entity; or (d) Electronic
Funds Transfer.
Payments are deemed received by Lender when received at the location
designated in the Note or at such other location as may be designated by Lender in
accordance with the notice provisions in Section 15. Lender may return any
payment or partial payment if the payment or partial payments are insufficient to
bring the Loan current. Lender may accept any payment or partial payment
insufficient to bring the Loan current, without waiver of any rights hereunder or
prejudice to its rights to refuse such payment or partial payments in the future, but
Lender is not obligated to apply such payments at the time such payments are
accepted. lf each Periodic Payment is applied as of its scheduled due date, then
Lender need not pay interest on unapplied funds. Lender may hold such unapplied
funds until Borrower makes payment to bring the Loan current. If Borrower does
not do so within a reasonable period of time, Lender shall either apply such funds
or return them to Borrower. If not applied earlier, such funds will be applied to the
outstanding principal balance under the Note immediately prior to foreclosure. No
offset or claim which Borrower might have now or in the future against Lender shall
relieve Borrower from making payments due under the Note and this Security
Instrument or performing the covenants and agreements secured by this Security
Instrument.
2. Application of Payments or Proceeds. Except as othenivise described in this
Section 2, all payments accepted and applied by Lender shall be applied in the
following order of priority: (a) interest due under the Note; (b) principal due under
the Note; (c) amounts: due under Section 3. Such payments shall be applied to each
Periodic Payment in the order in which it became due. Any remaining amounts
shall be applied first to late charges, second to any other amounts due under this
Security Instrument, and then to reduce the principal balance ofthe Note.
lf Lender receives a payment from Borrower for a de.linquent Periodic Payment
which includes a sufficient amount to pay any late charge due, the payment may be
applied to the delinquent payment and the late charge. If more than one Periodic
swam Rev 04/02/01 Pageaons FORM 3048 1/01
jjjjll//lllllll//lllliliilllilllllll/llllilll ii-? it? it
DT sam i¤.¤1$i;2g:8u23:°1p

Payment is outstanding, Lender may apply any payment received from Borrower to
the repayment of the Periodic Payments if, and to the extent that, each payment
can be paid in full. To the extent that any excess exists after the payment is applied
to the full payment of one or more Periodic Payments, such excess may be applied
to any late charges due. Voluntary prepayments shall be applied first to any
prepayment charges and then as described in the Note.
Any application of payments, insurance proceeds, or Miscellaneous Proceeds to
principal due under the Note shall not extend or postpone the due date, or change
the amount, ofthe Periodic Payments.
3. Funds for Escrow Items. Borrower shall pay to Lender on the day Periodic
Payments are due under the Note, until the Note is paid in full, a sum (the "Funds")
to provide for payment of amounts due for: (a) taxes and assessments and other
items which can attain priority over this Security Instrument as a lien or
encumbrance on the Property; (b) leasehold payments or ground rents on the
Property, if any; (c) premiums for any and all insurance required by Lender under
Section 5; and (d) Mortgage Insurance premiums, if any, or any sums payable by
Borrower to Lender in lieu of the payment of Mortgage Insurance premiums in
accordance with the provisions of Section 10. These items are called "Escrow
Items." At origination or at any time during the term of the Loan, Lender may
require that Community Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments, if any, be
escrowed by Borrower, and such dues, fees and assessments shall be an Escrow
Item. Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender all notices of amounts to be paid
under this Section. Borrower shall pay Lender the Funds for Escrow Items unless
Lender waives Borrower's obligation to pay the Funds fo-r any or all Escrow Items.
Lender may waive IBorrower‘s obligation to pay to Lender Funds for any or all
Escrow Items at any time. Any such waiver may only be in writing. In the event of
such waiver, Borrower shall pay directly, when and where payable, the amounts
due for any Escrow Items for which payment of Funds has been waived by Lender
and, if Lender requires, shall furnish to Lender receipts evidencing such payment
within such time period as Lender may require. Borrower's obligation to make such
payments and to provide receipts shall for all purposes be deemed to be a
covenant and agreement contained in this Security Instrument, as the phrase
"covenant and agreement" is used in Section 9. If Borrower is obligated to pay
Escrow Items directly, pursuant to a waiver, and Borrower fails to pay the amount
due for an Escrow Item, Lender may exercise its rights under Section 9 and pay
such amount and Borrower shall then be obligated under Section 9 to repay to
Lender any such amount. Lender may revoke the waiver as to any or all Escrow
Items at any time by a notice given in accordance with Section 15 and, upon such
revocation, Borrower shalll pay to Lender all Funds, and in such amounts, that are
then required under this Section 3.
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold Funds in an amount (a) sufticient to
permit l-ender to apply the Funds at the time specitied under RESPA, and (b) not to
exceed the maximum amount a lender can require under RESPA. Lender shall
estimate the amount of Funds due on the basis of current data and reasonable
estimates of expenditures of future Escrow Items or otherwise in accordance with
SWA05 Bev O4/02/01 Page 5 of 19 FORM 3048 1/O1
31 13013
IlllllllllllllllllllllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII »--· I ·»· »
08/24/2000 03:01P
FIRFITI DT 82.00 Pacific Co, HA

Applicable Law.
The Funds shall be held in an institution whose deposits are insured by a
federal agency, instrumentality, or entity (including Lender, if Lender is an
institution whose deposits are so insured) or in any Federal Home Loan Bank.
Lender shall apply the Funds to pay the Escrow Items no later than the time
specified under BESPA. Lender shall not charge Borrower for holding and applying
the Funds, annually analyzing the escrow account, or verifying the Escrow Items.
unless Lender pays Borrower interest on the Funds and Applicable Law permits
Lender to make such a charge. Unless an agreement is made in writing or
Applicable Law requires interest to be paid on the Funds, Lender shall not be
required to pay Borrower any interest or earnings on the Funds. Borrower and
Lender can agree in writing, however, that interest shall be paid on the Funds.
Lender shall give to Borrower, without charge, an annual accounting of the Funds
as required by RESPA.
lf there is a surplus of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender
shall account to Borrower for the excess funds in accordance with RESPA. Ifthere
is a shortage of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall notify
Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower shall pay to Lender the amount
necessary to make up the shortage in accordance with REESPA, but in no more than
12 monthly payments. lf there is a deficiency of Funds held in escrow, as defined
under BESPA, Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower
shall pay to Lender the amount necessary to make up the deficiency in accordance
with RESPA, but in no more than 12 monthly payments.
Upon payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender
shall promptly refund to Borrower any Funds held by Lender.
4. Charges; Liens. Borrower shall pay all taxes, assessments, charges, fines,
and impositions attributable to the Property which can attain priority over this
Security Instrument, leasehold payments or ground rents on the Property, if any,
and Community Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments, if any. To the extent that
these items are Escrow Items, Borrower shall pay them in the manner provided in
Section 3.
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this
Security Instrument unless Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the
obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable to Lender, but only so long
as Borrower is performing- such agreement; (b) contests the lien in good faith by, or
defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings which in Lender's
opinion operate to prevent the enforcement ofthe lien while those proceedings are
pending, but only until such proceedings are concluded; or (c) secures from the
holder ofthe lien an agreement satisfactory to Lender subordinating the lien to this
Security Instrument. lf Lender determines that any part of the Property is subject to
a lien which can attain priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may give
Borrower a notice identifying the lien. Within 10 days of the date on which that
notice is given, Borrc·wer shall satisfy the lien or take one or more of the actions
set forth above in this Section 4.
Lender may require Borrower to pay a one—time charge for a real estate tax
swA0s Bev 04/D2/Ol F’¤9¤6¤f 19 FORM 3048 1/01
3113013
IIllllllllllIllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »··· r »·· 2 
08/24/2008 03:01P
FIHMTI or ezm Pacific ce. un

verification and/or reporting service used by Lender in cc·nnection with this Loan.
5. Property Insurance. Borrower shall keep the improvements now existing or
hereafter erected on the Property insured against loss by fire, hazards included
within the term "extended coverage," and any other hazards including, but not
limited to, earthquakes and floods, for which Lender requires insurance. This
insurance shall be maintained in the amounts (including deductible levels) and for
the periods that Lender requires. What Lender requires pursuant to the preceding
sentences can change during the term ofthe Loan. The insurance carrier providing
the insurance shall be chosen by Borrower subject to Lender's right to disapprove
Borrower's choice, which right shall not be exercised unreasonably. Lender may
require Borrowerto pay, in connection with this Loan, either: (a) a one—time charge
for flood zone determination, certification and tracking services; or (lr) a one—time
charge for flood zone determination and certification services and subsequent
charges each time remappings or similar changes occur which reasonably might
affect such determination or certification. Borrower shall also be responsible for
the payment of any fees imposed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency
in connection with the review of any flood zone determination resulting from an
objection by Borrower,
If Borrower fails to maintain any of the coverages described above, Lender
may obtain insurance coverage, at Lender’s option and Borrower's expense.
Lender is under no obligation to purchase any particular type or amount of
coverage. Therefore, such coverage shall cover Lender, but might or might not
protect Borrower, Borrower's equity in the Property, or the contents ofthe Property,
against any risk, hazard or liability and might provide greater or lesser coverage
than was previously in effect. Borrower acknowledges that the cost of the
insurance coverage so obtained might significantly exceed the cost of insurance
that Borrower could have obtained. Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this
Section 5 shall become additional debt of Borrower secured by this Security
instrument. These amounts shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of
disbursement and shall b-e payable, with such interest, upon notice from Lender to
Borrower requesting payment.
All insurance policies required by Lender and renewals of such policies shall
be subject to Lender's right to disapprove such policies, shall include a standard
mortgage clause, and shall name Lender as mortgagee and/or as an additional
loss payee. Lender shall have the right to hold the policies and renewal
certificates. lf Lender requires, Borrower shall promptly give to Lender all receipts
of paid premiums and renewal notices. lf Borrower obtains any form of insurance
coverage, not otherwise required by Lender, for damage to, or destruction of, the
Property, such policy shall include a standard mortgage clause and shall name
Lender as mortgagee and/or as an additional loss payee.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give prompt notice to the insurance carrier
and Lender. Lender may make proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrower.
Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing, any insurance proceeds,
whether or not the underlying insurance was required by Lender, shall be applied
to restoration or repair of the Property, if the restoration or repair is economically
feasible and Lender's security is not lessened. During such repair and restoration
sw/xm rrev 04102101 Pagerot 19 FORM 3048 1/01
31 1 30 13
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll||||l|l||||l »··· = ~· =»
06/24/2008 03:01P
FIAHTI or 62.00 r»•¤irr¤ ce, un

period, Lender shall have the right to hold such insurance proceeds until Lender
has had an opportunity to inspect such Property to ensure the work has been
completed to Lender’s satisfaction, provided that such inspection shall be
undertaken promptly. Lender may disburse proceeds for the repairs and restoration
in a single payment or in a series of progress payments as the work is completed.
Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable L.aw requires interest to be
paid on such insurance proceeds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any
interest or earnings on such proceeds. Fees for public adjusters, or other third
parties, retained by Borrower shall not be paid out ofthe insurance proceeds and
shall be the sole obligation of Borrower. lf the restoration or repair is not
economically feasible or Lender's security would be lessened, the insurance
proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether
or not then due, with the excess, ifany, paid to Borrower. Such insurance proceeds
shall be applied in the order provided for in Section 2.
If Borrower abandons the Property, Lender may file, negotiate and settle any
available insurance claim and related matters. lf Borrower does not respond within
30 days to a notice from Lender that the insurance carrier has offered to settle a
claim, then Lender may negotiate and settle the claim. The 30-day period will begin
when the notice is given. In either event, or if Lender acquires the Property under
Section 22 or otherwise, Borrower hereby assigns to Lender (a) Borrower's rights
to any insurance proceeds in an amount not to exceed the amounts unpaid under
the Note or this Security Instrument, and (b) any other o·f Borrower's rights (other
than the right to any refund of unearned premiums paid by Borrower) under all
insurance policies covering the Property, insofar as such rights are applicable to
the coverage of the Property. Lender may use the insurance proceeds either to
repair or restore the Property or to pay amounts unpaid under the Note or this
Security Instrument, whether or not then due.
6. Occupancy. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as
Borrower's principal residence within 60 days alter the execution of this Security
Instrument and shall continue to occupy the Property as Borrower's principal
residence for at least one year after the date of occupancy, unless Lender
otherwise agrees in writing, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, or
unless extenuating circumstances exist which are beyond Borrower's control.
7. Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Inspections.
Borrower shall not destroy, damage or impair the Property, allow the Property to
deteriorate or commit waste on the Property. Whether or not Borrower is residing
in the Property, Borrower shall maintain the Property in order to prevent the
Property from deteriorating or decreasing in value due to its condition. Unless it is
determined pursuant to Section 5 that repair or restoration is not economically
feasible Borrower shall promptly repair the Property if damaged to avoid further
deterioration or damage. If insurance or condemnation proceeds are paid in
connection with damage to, or the taking ot, the Property, Borrower shall be
responsible for repairing or restoring the Property only if Lender has released
proceeds for such purposes. Lender may disburse proceeds for the repairs and
restoration in a single payment or in a series of progress payments as the work is
completed. lfthe insurance or condemnation proceeds are not sufficient to repair or
swA0s nav 04/02/01 F’¤9¤9<>f 19 FORM 3048 1101
31 13013
IIlllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIlllllllllllll ;;e.r.;·..r~
Frantz or e2.00 metric cu. un imp

restore the Property, Borrower is not relieved of Borrower’s obligation for the
completion of such repair or restoration.
Lender or its agent may make reasonable entries upon and inspections ofthe
Property. If it has reasonable cause, Lender may inspect the interior of the
improvements on the Property. Lender shall give Borrower notice at the time of or
prior to such an interior inspection specifying such reasonable cause.
B. Borrower's Loan Application. Borrower shall be in ·defauIt if, during the Loan
application process, Borrower or any persons or entities acting at the direction of
Borrower or with Borrower's knowledge or consent gave materially false,
misleading, or inaccurate information or statements to Lender (or failed to provide
Lender with material information) in connection with the Loan. Material
representations include, but are not limited to, representations concerning
Borrower's occupancy ofthe Property as Borrower's principal residence.
9. Protection of Lender's Interest in the Property and Rights Under this Security
Instrument. If (a) Borrower fails to perform the covenants and agreements
contained in this Security Instrument, (b) there is a legal proceeding that might
signincantly affect Lender's interest in the Property and/or rights under this Security
Instrument (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, probate, for condemnation or
forfeiture, for enforcement of a lien which may attain priority over this Security
instrument or to enforce laws or regulations), or (c) Borrower has abandoned the
Property, then Lender may do and pay for whatever is reasonable or appropriate to
protect Lender's interest in the Property and rights under this Security Instrument,
including protecting and/or assessing the value of the Property, and securing
and/or repairing the Property. Lender's actions can include, but are not limited to:
(a) paying any sums secured by a lien which has priority over this Security
Instrument; (b) appearing; in court; and (c) paying reasonable attorneys' fees to
protect its interest in the Property and/or rights under this Security Instrument,
including its secured position in a bankruptcy proceeding. Securing the Property
includes, but is not limited to, entering the Property to make repairs, change locks,
replace or board up doors and windows, drain water from pipes, eliminate building
or other code violations or dangerous conditions, and have utilities turned on or off,
Although Lender may take action under this Section 9, Lender does not have to do
so and is not under any duty or obligation to do so. It is agreed that Lender incurs
no liability for not taking a.ny or all actions authorized under this Section 9.
Any amounts disbursed by L.ender underthis Section 9 shall become additional
debt of Borrower secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear
interest at the Note rate from the date of disbursement and shall be payable, with
such interest, upon notice from Lender to Borrower requesting payment.
Ifthis Security Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply with all the
provisions ofthe lease. lf Borrower acquires fee title to the Property, the leasehold
and the fee title shall not merge unless Lender agrees to the merger in writing.
10. Mortgage Insurance. If Lender required Mortgage Insurance as a condition of
making the Loan, Borrower shall pay the premiums required to maintain the
Mortgage Insurance in effect. If, for any reason, the Mortgage Insurance coverage
required by Lender ceases to be available from the mortgage insurer that
5wAgg HEVU4/gg/U1 Page9ot19 FORM 3048 1/01
3 1 1301 3
: of zo
lllllll lllll llll llllll lllll lllllll lllll lll lllll llll llll ::7;.,.:..  
DT 62.00 Paetlte Co. lull}
rtentx

previously provided such insurance and Borrower was required to make separately
designated payments toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance, Borrower shall
pay the premiums required to obtain coverage substantially equivalent to the
Mortgage Insurance previously in effect, at a cost substantially equivalent to the
cost to Borrower ofthe Mortgage Insurance previously in effect, from an alternate
mortgage insurer selected by Lender. lf substantially equivalent Mortgage
Insurance coverage is not available, Borrower shall continue to pay to Lender the
amount ofthe separately designated payments that were due when the insurance
coverage ceased to be in effect. Lender will accept, use and retain these payments
as a non—refundable loss reserve in lieu of Mortgage Insurance. Such loss reserve
shall be non—refundab|e, notwithstanding the fact that the Loan is ultimately paid in
full, and Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or earnings on
such loss reserve. Lender can no longer require loss reserve payments if Mortgage
Insurance coverage (in the amount and for the period that Lender requires)
provided by an insurer selected by Lender again becomes available, is obtained,
and Lender requires separately designated payments toward the premiums for
Mortgage Insurance. lf Lender required Mortgage Insurance as a condition of
making the Loan and Borrower was required to make separately designated
payments toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance, Borrower shall pay the
premiums required to maintain Mortgage Insurance in effect, or to provide a
non·refundab|e loss reserve, until Lender's requirement for Mortgage Insurance
ends in accordance with any written agreement between Borrower and Lender
providing for such termination or until termination is required by Applicable Law.
Nothing in this Section 1lO affects Borrower‘s obligation to pay interest at the rate
provided in the Note.
Mortgage Insurance reimburses Lender (or any entity that purchases the Note)
for certain losses it may incur if Borrower does not repay the Loan as agreed.
Borrower is not a party to the Mortgage Insurance.
Mortgage insurers evaluate their total risk on all such insurance in force from
time to time, and may enter into agreements with other parties that share or modify
their risk, or reduce losses. These agreements are on terms and conditions that
are satisfactory to the mortgage insurer and the other party (or parties) to these
agreements. These agreements may require the mortgage insurer to make
payments using any source of funds that the mortgage insurer may have available
(which may include funds obtained from Mortgage lnsuran·ce premiums).
As a result cfthese agreements, Lender, any purchaser of the Note, another
insurer, any reinsurer, any other entity, or any affiliate of any of the foregoing, may
receive (directly or indirectly) amounts that derive from (or might be characterized
as) a portion of Borrower‘s payments for Mortgage Insurance, in exchange for
sharing or modifying the mortgage insurer's risk, or reducing losses. If such
agreement provides that an affiliate of Lender takes a share ofthe insurer's risk in
exchange for a share ofthe premiums paid to the insurer, the arrangement is often
termed "captive reinsurance." Further:
(a) Any such agreements will not affect the amounts that Borrower has agreed
to pay for Mortgage Insurance, or any other terms of the Loan. Such agreements
swam ltev 04/02/01 Page 10 of 19 FORM 3048 1/01
31 13013
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »-·· I ~ »· ~
FIRHTI or e2.00 i?s¤<m·;;2<?:,8ug3.°1p

will not increase the amount Borrower will owe for Mortgage Insurance, and they
will not entitle Borrower to any refund.
(b) Any such agreements will not affect the rights Borrower has - if any - with
respect to the Mortgage Insurance under the Homeowners Protection Act of 1998 or
any other law. These rights may include the right to receive certain disclosures, to
request and obtain cancellation of the Mortgage Insurance, to have the Mortgage
Insurance terminated automatically, and/or to receive a refund of any Mortgage
Insurance premiums that were unearned at the time of such cancellation or
termination.
11. Assignment of Miscellaneous Proceeds; Forteiture. All Miscellaneous
Proceeds are hereby assigned to and shall be paid to Lender.
lflhe Property is damaged, such Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to
restoration or repair of the Property, if the restoration or repair is economically
feasible and Lender's security is not lessened. During such repair and restoration
period, Lender shall have the right to hold such Miscellaneous Proceeds until
Lender has had an opportunity to inspect such property to ensure the work has
been completed to Lender's satisfaction, provided that such inspection shall be
undertaken promptly. Lender may pay for the repairs and restoration in a single
disbursement or in a series of progress payments as the work is completed. Unless
an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to be paid on
such Miscellaneous Proceeds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any
interest or earnings on such Miscellaneous Proceeds, If the restoration or repair is
not economically feasible or Lender's security would be lessened, the
Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security
Instrument, whether or not then due, with the excess, ifany, paid to Borrower. Such
Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied in the order provided for in Section 2.
In the event of a total taking, destruction, or loss in value ofthe Property, the
Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security
Instrument, whether or nc·t then due, with the excess, ifany, paid to Borrower.
ln the event of a partial taking, destruction, or loss in value ofthe Property in
which the fair market value of the Property immediately before the partial taking,
destruction, or loss in value is equal to or greater than the amount of the sums
securecl by this Security Instrument immediately before the partial taking,
destruction, or loss in value, unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in
writing, the sums secured by this Security Instrument shall be reduced by the
amount ofthe Miscellaneous Proceeds multiplied by the following fraction: (a) the
total amount ofthe sums secured immediately before the partial taking, destruction,
or loss in value divided by (b) the fair market value of the Property immediately
before the partial takrng, destruction, or loss in value. Any balance shall be paid to
Borrower.
In the event of a partial taking, destruction, or loss in value ofthe Property in
which the fair market value ofthe Property immediately before the partial taking,
destruction, or loss in value is less than the amount of the sums secured
immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value, unless Borrower
and Lender otherwise agree in writing, the Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be
SWA11 nev 04/uz/01 Page 11 one FORM 3048 1/01
31 13013
IllllllIlllllllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllll   it ·· »
_ 08/24/2008 03:01P
FIAHTI. DT ll2.00 Pacific Cc, HR

applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument whether or not the sums
are then due.
lf the Property is abandoned by Borrower, or if, after notice by Lender to
Borrower that the Opposing Party (as defined in the next sentence} offers to make
an award to settle a claim for damages, Borrower fails to respond to Lender within
30 days after the date the notice is given, Lender is authorized to collect and apply
the Miscellaneous Proceeds either to restoration or repair of the Property or to the
sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due. "Opposing
Party" means the third party that owes Borrower Miscellaneous Proceeds or the
party against whom Borrower has a right of action in regard to Miscellaneous
Proceeds.
Borrower shall be in default ifany action or proceeding, whether civil or
criminal, is begun that, in Lender's judgment, could result in forfeiture of the
Property or other material impairment of Lender's interest in the Property or rights
under this Security Instrument. Borrower can cure such a default and, if
acceleration has occurred, reinstate as provided in Section 19, by causing the
action or proceeding to be dismissed with a ruling that, in Lender's judgment,
precludes forfeiture of the Property or other materiall impairment of Lender's
interest in the Property or rights under this Security Instrument. The proceeds of
any award or claim tor damages that are attributable to the impairment of Lender's
interest inthe Property are hereby assigned and shall be paid to Lender.
All Miscellaneous Proceeds that are not applied to restoration or repair ofthe
Property shall be applied in the order provided for in Section 2.
12E. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of
the time for payment or modification of amortization of the sums secured by this
Security Instrument granted by Lender to Borrower or any Successor in Interest of
Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of Borrower or any Successors in
Interest of Borrower. Lender shall not be required to· commence proceedings
against any Successor in Interest of Borrower or to refuse to extend time for
payment or otherwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this Security
Instrument by reason of any demand made by the original Borrower or any
Successors in Interest of Borrower. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any
right or remedy including, without limitation, Lender's acceptance of payments from
third persons, entities or Successors in Interest of Borrower or in amounts less than
the amount then due, shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right
or remedy.
13. Joint and Several Liability; Co—signers; Successors and Assigns Bound.
Borrower covenants and agrees that Borrower's obligations and Eiability shall be
joint and several. However, any Borrower who cosigns this Security Instrument but
does not execute the Note (a "co—signer"): (a) is co—signing this Security Instrument
only to mortgage, grant and convey the co·signer's interest in the Property under
the terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not personally obligated to pay the
sums secured by this Security Instrument; and ic) agrees that Lender and any other
Borrower can agree to extend, modify, forbear or make any accommodations with
regard to the terms ofthis Security Instrument or the Note without the co-signer's
3wA1g gev gyggjgj Page 12 of 19 FORM 3048 1l'01
31 13013
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII »··· = ~ ·· =»
08/24/2006 03:01P
FIRHTI DT 82.00 Pactllc Cao. WR

consent.
Subject tothe provision of Section 18, any Successor in Interest of Borrower
who assumes Borrower's obligations under this Security Instrument in writing, and
is approved by Lender, shall obtain all of Borrower's rights and benefits under this
Security Instrument. Borrower shall not be released from Borrower's obligations
and liability under this Security Instrument unless Lender agrees to such release in
writing. The covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument shall bind
(excep·t as provided in Section 20) and benefit the successors and assigns of
Lender.
14. Loan Charges. Lender may charge Borrower fees for services performed
in connection with Borrower's default, for the purpose of protecting Lender's
interest inthe Property and rights under this Security Instrument, including, but not
limited to, attorneys' fees, property inspection and valuation fees. In regard to any
other fees, the absence of express authority in this Security Instrument to charge a
specific fee to Borrower shall not be construed as a prohibition on the charging of
such fee. Lender may not charge fees that are expressly prohibited by this Security
Instrument or by Applicable Law.
Ifthe Loan is subject to a law which sets maximum loan charges, and that law
is finally interpreted so that the interest or other loan charges collected or to be
coIIect·ed in connection with the Loan exceed the permitted limits, then: (a) any
such loan charge shall be reduced by the amount necessary to reduce the charge
to the permitted limit; and (b) any sums already collected from Borrower which
exceeded permitted limits will be refunded to Borrower. Lender may choose to
make this refund by reducing the principal owed under the Note or by making a
direct payment to Borrower. lf a refund reduces principal, the reduction will be
treated as a partial prepayment without any prepayment charge (whether or not a
prepayment charge is provided for under the Note). Borrower's acceptance of any
such refund made by direct payment to Borrower will constitute a waiver of any
right of action Borrower might have arising out of such overcharge.
15. Notices. All notices given by Borrower or Lender in connection with this
Security Instrument must be in writing. Any notice to Borrower in connection with
this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower when
mailed by nrst class mail or when actually delivered to Borrower's notice address if
sent by other means. Notice to any one Borrower shall constitute notice to all
Borrowers unless Applicable Law expressly requires otherwise. The notice address
shall be the Property Address unless Borrower has designated a substitute notice
address by notice to Lender. Borrower shall promptly notify Lender of Borrower's
change of address. If Len-der specihes a procedure for reporting Borrower's change
of address, then Borrower shall only report a change of address through that
specified procedure. There may be only one designated notice address under this
Security Instrument at any one time. Any notice to Lender shall be given by
delivering it or by mailing it by first class mailto Lender's address stated herein
unless Lender has designated another address by notice to Borrower. Any notice in
connection with this Security Instrument shall not be deemed to have been given to
Lender until actually received by Lender. lfany notice required by this Security
swam Rev 04/OUU1 Page 13cf19 FORM 3048 1/01
31 13013
Illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »-·· = 1=···=»
08/24/2008 03:01P
FIRHTI DT 62.00 Fmclflo Co, HR

Instrument is also required under Applicable Law, the Applicable Law requirement
will satisfy the corresponding requirement under this Security Instrument.
1Ei. Governing Law; Severability; Rules of Construction. This Security Instrument
shall be governed by federal law and the law of the jurisdiction in which the
Property is iocated. All rights and obligations contained in this Security Instrument
are subject to any requirements and limitations of Applicable Law. Applicable Law
might explicitly or implicitly allow the parties to agree by contract or it might be
silent, but such silence shall not be construed as a prohibition against agreement
by contract. ln the event that any provision or clause of this Security Instrument or
the Note conflicts with Applicable Law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions
of this Security Instrument or the Note which can be given effect without the
conflicting provision.
As used in this Security Instrument: (a) words ofthe masculine gender shall
mean and include corresponding neuter words or words of the feminine gender; (b)
words in the singular shall mean and include the plural and vice versa; and (c) the
word "may" gives sole discretion without any obligation to take any action.
17. Borr0wer's Copy. Borrower shall be given one copy of the Note and ofthis
Security Instrument.
18. Transfer of the Property or a Beneficial Interest in Borrower. As used in
this Section 18, "interest in the Property" means any legal or beneficial interest in
the Property, including, but not limited to, those beneficial interests transferred in a
bond for deed, contract for deed, installment sales contract or escrow agreement,
the intent of which is the transfer of title by Borrower at a future date to a
purchaser.
If all or any part ofthe Property or any Interest in the Property is sold or
transferred (or if Bc·rrower is not a natural person and a beneficial interest in
Borrow-er is sold or transferred) without Lender's prior written consent, Lender may
require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument.
However, this option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited
by Applicable Law.
If Lender exercises this option, Lender shall give Borrower notice of
acceleration. The notice shall provide a period of not less than 30 days from the
date the notice is given in accordance with Section 15 within which Borrower must
pay all sums secured by this Security Instrument. lf Borrower fails to pay these
sums prior to the expiration of this period, Lender may invoke any remedies
permitted by this Security Instrument without further notice or demand on Borrower.
19. Borrower's Right to Reinstate After Acceleration. lf Borrower meets ce rtain
conditions, Borrower shall have the right to have enforcement of this Security
Instrument discontinued at any time prior to the earliest of: (a) five days before sale
of the Property pusuant to any power of sale contained in this Security Instrument;
(b) such other period as Applicable Law might specify for the termination of
Borrower's right to reinstate; or (c) entry of a judgment enforcing this Security
Instrument. Those conditions are that Borrower: (a) pays Lender all sums which
then would be due under this Security Instrument and the Note as if no acceleration
SWA14 Rev 04/02/01 Page T4 of 19 FORM 3048 1/01
31 13013
llllilllllllll|||III|||llllllllllllllllllllllllllll »-·· = ~~ ·· =»
00/24/2008 03:01P
FIRHT1 or ¤2.ow i=•¤ui¤ ce. un

had occurred; (b) cures any defauit of any other covenants or agreements; (c) pays
all expenses incurred in enforcing this Security Instrument, including, but not
limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees, property inspection and valuation fees, and
other tees incurred for the purpose of protecting Lender's interest in the Property
and rights under this Security Instrument; and (d) takes such action as Lender may
reasonably require to assure that Lender‘s interest in the Property and rights under
this Security Instrument, and Borrower's obligation to pay the sums secured by this
Security Instrument, shall continue unchanged. Lender may require that Borrower
pay such reinstatement sums and expenses in one or more of the following forms,
as selected by Lender: (a) cash; (b) money order; (c) certified check, bank check,
treasurer's check or cashiers check, provided any such check is drawn upon an
institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency, instrumentality or entity;
or (d) Electronic Funds Transfer. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security
Instrument and obligations secured hereby shall remain fully effective as if no
acceleration had occurred. However, this right to reinstate shall not apply in the
case of acceleration under Section 18.
20. Sale of Note; Change of Loan Servicer; Notice of Grievance. The Note or a
partial interest in the Notre (together with this Security Instrument) can be sold one
or more times without prior notice to Borrower. A sale might result in a change in
the entity (known as the "Loan Servicer") that collects Periodic Payments due under
the Note and this Security Instrument and performs other mortgage loan servicing
obligations under the Note, this Security Instrument, and Applicable Law. There
also might be one or more changes of the Loan Servicer unrelated to a sale ofthe
Note. If there is a change of the Loan Servicer, Borrower will be given written
notice of the change which will state the name and address of the new Loan
Servicer, the address to which payments should be made and any other information
BESPA requires in connection with a notice oftransfer or servicing. lf the Note is
sold and thereafter the Loan is serviced by a Loan Servicer other than the
purchaser of the Note, the mortgage loan servicing obligations to Borrower will
remain with the Loan Servicer or be transferred to a successor Loan Servicer and
are not assumed by the Note purchaser unless otherwise provided by the Note
purchaser.
Neither Borrower nor Lender may commence, join, or be joined to any judicial
action (as either an individual Iitigant or the member of a class) that arises from the
other party's actions pursuant to this Security Instrument or that aileges that the
other party has breached any provision of, or any duty owed by reason of, this
Security Instrument, until such Borrower or Lender has notified the other party (with
such notice given in compliance with the requirements of Section 15) of such
alleged breach and afforded the other party hereto a reasonable period after the
giving of such notice to take corrective action. If Applicable Law provides a time
period which must elapse before certain action can be taken, that time period will
be deemed to be reasonable for purposes of this paragraph. The notice of
acceleration and opportunity to cure given to Borrower pursuant to Section 22 and
the notice of acceleration given to Borrower pursuant to Section 18 shall be
deemed to satisfy the notice and opportunity to take corrective action provisions of
swms llev ui/02101 Page 15 of T9 FORM 3048 1/01
3113013
IlllllllllllllllllllllIlllllllllll|lIlI|llIIllIII|IlIl| »-·- = » ·· =~
06/24/2008 03:019
FIAHTI DT 62.00 P•¤1f1¤·S¤. HR

this Section 20.
QZ1. Hazardous Substances. As used in this Section 21: (a) "Hazardous
Substances" are those substances defined as toxic or hazardous substances,
pollutants, or wastes by Environmental Law and the following substances: gasoline,
kerosene, other flammable or toxic petroleum products, toxic pesticides and
herbic=des, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or formaldehyde, and
radioactive materials; (b) "Environmental Law" means federal laws and laws ofthe
jurisdiction where the Property is located that relate to health, safety or
environmental protection; (c)· "Environmental C|eanup" includes any response
action, remedial action, or removal action, as defined in Environmental Law; and (cl)
an "Environmental Condition" means a condition that can cause, contribute to, or
otherwise trigger an Environment Cleanup.
Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or
release of any Hazcardous Substances, or threaten to release any Hazardous
Substances, on or in the Property. Borrower shall not do, nor allow anyone else to
do, anything affecting the Property (a) that is in violation ofany Environmental Law,
(b) which creates an Environmental Condition, or (c) which, due to the presence,
use, or release of a Hazardous Substance, creates a condition that adversely
affects the value of the Property. The preceding two sentences shall not apply to
the presence, use, or storage on the Property of small quantities of Hazardous
Substances that are generally recognized to be appropriate to normal residential
uses and to maintenance ofthe Property (including, but not limited to, hazardous
substances in consumer products).
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of (a) any investigation,
claim, demand, lawsuit or other action by any governmental or regulatory agency
or private party involving the Property and any Hazardous Substance or
Environmental Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge, (b) any Environmental
Condition, including but not limited to, any spilling, leaking, discharge, release or
threat of release ofany Hazardous Substance, and (c) any condition caused by the
presence, use or release of a Hazardous Substance which adversely affects the
value of the Property. if Borrower learns, or is notiued by any governmental or
regulatory authority, or any private party, that any removal or other remediation of
any Hazardous Substance affecting the Property is necessary, Borrower shall
promptly take all necessary remedial actions in accordance with Environmental
Law. Nothing herein shalt create any obligation on Lender for an Environmental
Cleanup.
NON-UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and
agree as follows:
22. Acceleration; Remedies. Lender shall give notice to Borrower prior to
acceleration following Bc»rrower's breach of any covenant or agreement in this
Security Instrument (but not prior to acceleration under Section 18 unless
Applicable Law provides otherwise). The notice shall specify: (a) the default; (b)
the action required to cure the default; (c) a date, not less than 30 days from the
date the notice is given to Borrower, by which the default must be cured; and (d)
that failure to cure the default on or before the date specified in the notice may
SW/X16 Flev 04/cz/01 Page is of 19 FORM 3048 1/01
31 13013
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllllll »··· = ·» ~» =»
¤¤¤t= nr me gi/rilZ2€:°¤Z°‘°*°

result in acceleration of the sums secured by this Security Instrument and sale of
the Property at public auction at a date not less than 120 days in the future. The
notice shall furlher inform Borrower of the right to reinstate after acceleration, the
right to bring a court action to assert the non-existence of a default or any other
defense of Borrower to acceleration and sale, and any other matters required to be
included in the notice by Applicable Law. lf the default is not cured on or before the
date specified in the notice, Lender at its option, may require immediate payment in
full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument without further demand and may
invoke the power of sale and/or any other remedies permitted by Applicable Law.
Lender shall be entitled to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies
provided in this Section 22, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys‘ tees
and costs of title evidence.
ll Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall give written notice to Trustee
of the occurrence cf an event of default and of Lender's election to cause the
Property to be sold. Trustee and Lender shall take such action regarding notice of
sale and shall give such notices to Borrower and to other persons as Applicable
Law may require. Alter the time required by Applicable Law and after publication
of the notice of sale, Trustee, without demand on Borrower, shall sell the Property
at public auction to the highest bidder at the time and place and under the terms
designated in the notice of sale in one or more parcels and in any order Trustee
determines. Trustee may postpone sale of the Property for a period or periods
permitted by Applicable Law by public announcement at the time and place fixed in
the notice of sale. Lender or its designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee's deed conveying the Property
without any covenant or warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the
Trustee's deed shall be prima facie evidence of the truth ofthe statements made
therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the following order: (a) to
all expenses of the sale, including, but not limited to, reasonable Trustee's and
attorneys' fees; (b) to all sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) any
excess to the person or persons legally entitled to it or to the clerk of the superior
court ot the county in which the sale took place.
23. Fleconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security
Instrument. Lender shall request Trustee to reconvey the Property and shall
surrencler this Security lnstrurnent and all notes evidencing debt secured by this
Security Instrument to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the Property without
warranty to the person or persons legally entitled to it. Such person or persons
shall pay any recordaliion costs and the Trustee's fee for preparing the
reconveyance.
24. Substitute Trustee. In accordance with Applicable Law, Lender may from
time to time appoint a successor trustee to any Trustee appointed hereunder who
has ceased to act. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor trustee
shall succeed to all the title, power and duties conferred upon Trustee herein and
by Applicable Law.
25. Use of Property. `The Property is not used principally for agricultural
purposes.
swA1r nav 04/02/01 Page worm FORM 3048 1/D1
3 1 130 1 3
IllllllllllllllIIIIIllllllllllllllllllllllll rs-: ~ ~· 2»
'°“‘”`" DT e2.o  etsiilgzggaugamp

26. Att0rneys' Fees. Lender shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys'
fees and costs in any action or proceeding to construe or enforce any term of this
Security Instrument. The term "attorneys' fees," whenever used in this Security
Instrument, shall include without limitation attorneys} fees incurred by Lender in
any bankruptcy proceeding or on appeal.
ORAL AGREEMENTS OR ORAL COMMITMENTS TO LOAN MONEY, EXTEND
CREDIT, OR T0 FOREIEAR FROM ENFORCING REPAYMENT OF A DEBT ARE
NOT ENFORCEABLE UNDER WASHINGTON LAW.
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants
contained in this Security Instrument and in any Rider executed by Borrower and
recorded with it.
Witnesses:   .;___7
//   /
,.<· —" /’/I jj Q
——i---e¤;—--—e-    4*; i_;=/‘ ”(Sea|)
  RAUSE ‘ Borrower
swA1a Ftev 04/02101 Page 18 <>f 19 FORM 3048 1I01
31 13013
:•Q2•: 18 of 20
6/ 4/2008 0 :
FIRHTI or ¤2.00 i=·•¤11·1¤ cn, una mp

STATE OF WASHINGTON ss:
County of PACIFIC
On this day personally appeared before me
RAYMOND C KRAUSE, A SINGLE PERSON.
to me known to be the individuaI(s) described in and who executed the within and
foregosng instrument, and acknowledged that he/she/they signed the same as
his/her/their free ard voluntary act and deed, for the uses and purposes therein
mentioned.  
GIVEN under my hand and official seal this (9.6 day of \J U""Q =?£0"2?`
9 /A-.
\\x\\\ur, — /. _
§`$,B*E ALz'i'iv ° . .   +—
$OQ,"\`t»x¤i¤i,,,I$)~ N,] Notary Public in and for the State of Washington,
_.§? §i¢5$‘O~ Eégpl Z residing at: Q6, 7/)7C`*/7*7;
.: 5;* GTM ah ¢·
:; so ·~`· *· rg; ¢
:» E0 -.~ 2;; _-  
QE Q A O §‘ 5 My Appointment Expires on // ’ ‘Y’7‘C’ gf
Z *5% UB`). 55:
4· 1% ’7-Og·O%€’*5
6} is nu I \Ntm\\‘*>`\\O·?
"h, OF wA‘5‘*X~\°
'*\\mxx\V*
SWA19 F:ev 04/02/01 Page 19 of 19 FORM 3048 1/01
31 13013
Page: 19 of 20
06/24/2008 03:01P
FIRHTI DT 62.00 Pacific Co, HH

EXHIBIT A
LEGAL DESCRIPTION:
TRACT 41 OF NORTHERN ADDITION TO MOREY HOME TRACTS VOLUME H OF PLATS AT PAGE
14, RECORDS OF PACIFIC COUNTY, WASHINGTON.
3 1 1 30 1 3
Pap: 2  of 20
08/24/2008 03:01P
FIRMTI or s2.00 ¤¤¤m¤ co, un

