JN0
l
$
l
f'* I`,
8 in ee
( H0! RESPONSIBLE F0! THE
IBADABILHY O! THIS P<STRU!·IHNT
DU! TC Z'l·ll)· ;OI‘~¢`L>l‘“)ON UF
OR] _ _ a  
GINAL UMSIRUMBNI.
This Space Provided for Recorder": Ura
when Raoorded Rerum To:
.lVi’Gl0llIlf.EllEli4L.¤4N1'l.`L¤!l!E.BE9Ell.!lilRll9H .llil§l‘Ml!E|F.5QUTllM-l¤.Q>l.l¤l?ll.ll¤NG EEACM wr uml
Docummt Tirlcu) ¤Fi‘~lJ.QEIBU1iTAN11.l.-4.FLNlll}l|l1E8.4hlDFAlMENI nlm ,,.,,,,,_,,4
Graniorlsl PfJl$0.Ff.RE?.T!N¤F.¤AN.¤ ¤.NA!ELl{!F§,Q!*$,.!¢ll$BA!lD,Al{QMllE$ ___,,,__ , ,_4____
Gl'l¤ll¤U(I) RAYMOND FLDSHAL ¤A!|l£.LOHll .¤El\R*1.¤lWil?li ....,.....,......,....4.........
1..ogaIDcscrlpri¤n 10.T.7.¤llkF.Yll*FAL0llN$BllBF ........,.............,..,... ,,,,. ,. F
Ar.rcsi0r's Propezry Tan Parcel or Accmu1tNun|her 7§l11¤ll¤.lll|l?.. .l7.fiC?.3'&5(;)() ZOO `7
Reference Numbera of 'flocimrmus mrigrierl or- Relerrwrl ,,_,,___,____,____,_,_,
—-~—- ~—-·--··—··;- l8|¤¤¤• Ab¤v• Thi: Um For Rocurdlng Data}  
DEED OF TRUS'[‘
DEFINITIONS ‘
Wonir used in multiple sections uf this document are defured below and other words an: dufmurl in Sooucxns
3. Il. 13, 18, 20 uid 21. Terrain mlm regarding thc usage of words lliéd in mls doculrienr me also
provided in Secrlcm 16.
(A) "Sncurily Instrument" means this accrrmuiz, which is dared U$:l9;?U£l& ,...,..,.,.,...,...., ,,. .,.,.........,.,. ,
mgerherwirli all Riders to uiis dociurierri.
(B) "Borrower" is FLQFD. FfJlEZIlPl¤F¢.0)ll1l1AllA¤EL ?AHEQUS,.*lU§¤llN0.AN¤.WIEE ..A...,... , .`.........,................d....
éa}};$QA§iiii!&LL;.${r;}§a;¥}irl§§e£r$}il§`i{r;}};l}i;§{{. '`"``‘``````A``"`"'````'`````````"` ` `''"'`'''``'`"````'````'“’`”``` "
(C) "Lcndu·" ir .llAYM€N¤.fE0liFI4L,8RNll.lllllG.BEA¤ll.BllAllf¢ll ...................,.,.... . ...,.............,,...,,..,.........
. ,......... . ....4......,.... . ...,...,........A...,.........,................,........, , .............).............1. . Luidcr ir ir
.¤DHEORATl0N .................A.......................................,....,.............,..........,, , organized and existing
unrfcr the lawn of `lHE.U?i|TEll GMTKS IIE rWEHlG8 ........................)..,,....................., . Lender s address is
J¤i5,MDJF|€SOLltH. P.¤. A01. l0.Z€.LllNG.BEMH. WA Milli ..,...,,,..,.,.........4.4...,....................,.........4........,, .
Lcndcr is rhc buncficiary undcr this Sccuriry lnsrrwrrcnr,
(D) "Truinoe" ir ElR$IANE.iil94N.i|TlE.lll$llH4llQE.G0l4P&Nl.Jlllli`.Wl.llUllElll.lill§il.llilrlli0.ll9ll ?§1.$l1ilTll.5lilllil.Vll\.9i§F.E.. .
(E) "N¤te" l'll8.'i1lS zhe [$I'0l¥\ii'rDl'y nom signed by Borrower and dated l1€;lQzZllllF ,..,.... A ............. . .... . ..... .
Tile Nore srares um Borrower owes Lender MHHYEUURTHUIXSANUANDNBIIOU .......,.,...........,.....................
4, .....,........,.......... A .....,................ Dollars (U.S. S H'¢,UJJUJI0 .................., ) plus interest, Borrower
has promised ro pay dzie delrr in regular Periodic Peymenrx and m pay me doh! in hill ud: lrrrr uhm
DZ-lil,-2¤23 .............................,.....,..................,.......,..................,,....,..........l..................... .
('F) "Prnperty" mearur the property than ir described below wider the heading "Truiafer of Rights in the
Property}
(G) "Loau" means me riebr evidenced by me Now. pliu inrcrcsr. any prcpaymem charges rnd here charger
due under 1110 Norc. md all sumrr due under mir Securiiy lusrrumenr. plus lurcresr.
(Il) "Rlders" means all Riders lu Lhis Security lrrrlrumenl lhal are executed by Borrower. 'Ilre following
Riders are ro he exemried hy Borrower [clleclc hm: ru applicable]:
CI Adjlulrble Rule Rider D Currduuiiriiiuir Rider Cl Second Huinc Rider
C] Brdlcrcm Rider D Planned Uuil Developrlurl Rider [Xl Olher(s) [specify] NYMFNT
Dil l·4 Family Ridcr [Il Blwcckly Paymcm Rider liwl`8 ...................,........
(I) "Appllcnble Law" means all conrrnlling applicable federal, slate and loca; sutures, rc%uluticrra,
ordirrmces and admirristrarive rules and orders (mal have die effecl ol law) as well u all applilza le frml,
non-gpealable grdicialblzpiniom.
(J) " mnmuni Ass atluu 1Dum, Fe , and Ase0a·¤ne¤ls" meme all dues, Idea, uacrrmmtu and other
Lllurges llllsl are imposed on Borrower or die Properly by u oomlominnun uroeiarion. lromeewnen
nssocislion or similar or rnizatiuu,
(K) "Electreulc Funds elwmsfer" nieruu my rmisler of llirulv. orlier Ulilll AlffUl$ilCTl1.7Il originnred by check.
drali. or siiinilar paper l{·3il'll1lI€lll, which Ls irriilnied ilrrmigli an elecrrmlic remlilml. releplmuic mrrrurienr,
mm seas 1101
WASHINGTON-Single r=rr·.a1y·.i=•lml• Ma•IFr•dd|• Mer umnonm msrnumarv _ ···- · r  
Uerilun Bynlma, hc., $l. Clnui M'll Furi Ml!-I-WA IRIGQUQ    
y¤r;i·3¤ar (puqyqjpyyml   ' R K 3 A O
lllllll Illll llll Illlll Illll Illllll llll lll Illll lll llll »··· 1 ··· ··
08/25/2008 03:30P
PRCOTI DT 56.00 Pacific Cc. HR

computer, or msgttctitgtapo ao as to order. instruct, or authorize a financial irrrtitution to debit or credit an
account. Such term utctitlcs. but is not l_rmtted to, pornr·oI'~sru¢ trtansteri, automated roller trtactrine
trmspcttotu, transfers tnttttucd try tetephotto, wire transfers, mu automated cItzaringlu;·tt.·re transfers,
(L) Escrow ltuns” means those ttcms that are ttescrrbot in Soction Li.
Ot) "lYIlaceIInneous Prucocdr" moms any contpenaatiorr, settlement, award of damages. or proceed: paid hy
any tlttttl party (Othor thm IIIIUTHXICC procoods paid UIIHET the covcrtgcs clclttrribui in Soctitrn 5) for; (r)
damage ro,__or· destructton _o.f. the Property; (ii) comcmnatirm or other taking of all or rrr-; pm or the
Property; (tri) CGI?/¢YMlC¢ ur Iicu of condemnzttion; or (iv) trtistcpresentstitmt `ol', or omissions at lo, thc
value turd/or condition of the Property.
EN) "Mortgpge Insurtusce" means insurance protecting Leutler sgninsl utc ttonpttymcnt of. or default ou, me
our.
CO) "Pcrlodlc Payment" rnosuts the regularly sctrcdulod amount due for (i) principal and interest under the
Notmlpltu tu) any atttoxurts uiuler Soclitmil of this Security Instrument.
(P) " EPA" trteaits the Real_Estate Sctttcmcnt Procedures Act (12 USC. 52601 at wt.) out its
unplemettturg regulation, Regulation it (24 C.P.R. IParI 3500), as they mi ght be uneltderl trout time to time,
or my atldmonol or successor legtslanon or regulation uml governs uic same subject matzcr. Ar trsort tn mis
Security lnstrumertr, "RESPA" refers ro all requirements and rcttritations tltat are irrlpeaeu in regard to a
"tp1dcrggg;t;lsrod mortgage loan" even if the Loan docs not qualify as a "federally rclsrcd mortgage Iosm*
tm et .
(Q) "SUCCESIUT In Inltsrmtl ol" Bwvwer" ttlclutd any party that has tnltcn title to the Pwpény, whether or not
that party hss asntlrned Ilorrowters ohlignucm under the Note arulxor this Security Insutmrenr.
TRANSFER or RIGHTS IN THB PROPERTY
This Soctrriry Itutrumcrtt secures to Lender; (i) the repayment of thc t..n··ut. and ttll renewals, eatcuaiom and
modifications of the Note; and (ii) the pertorutttttce of Borrowero coveuattts and sgtumncrtta untlcr this
Security Irutrurncut ttnrl the Note. For urls purpose, Borrowur irrcvocably grants uid conveys to Trustee. in
trust. with power of sale. utcfotluwing described property locarcd in the ..l1¤UNTt'.QI.Pt¤Itl¢ ..,...........,.,....,
...r.,.,.........t.. . ......t.rt...t. . ......................,....................l.,.......r.,.........l or ..,. $IAI£.0l ,......4,. .
ITv¤ts ul ROOOIUJIIQ Jtnsolottnrtl
l¥l*§t*l'tFi.I9N ........r....,.,.....................t....................,..............................t.............. . ............ z
[Hama nl llaaordlnq Juttrldlntlonl
IUT 7 IN utllctt CUFIHEPLATDFWHEAI[1DNSBURl;,I’Ell rutt rrtzltsur ou tits IN vtltumt ¤·t or PLATE. PAGE 27 IN THE 0FtIC£0F
Tit! Autlltult or PACIFIC ruutstv. wrtelttrttstcrr,
which currutlty has the eddrtss of ..................,.....,.......... ?lZ$.*?lU.Q€ ETHUI ..,...,............r..,.4,........r
5'UIBI
,................,.,,... ILWLCO .......r................ . Wasliirrgtou ......l,..,... ll WH ............. ("Propcrty Adtlrers *'):
[Qty. [ftp Gunn)
'T`O¢}B'T`HBR WYTH ull the itltpt’0V¢trl¤tl.$ www or Itereallt-=l‘ erected tm the property. aud all
csaetttettrs. rtppttnettsllces. turd lixtuttat now or tlerettfter at pttl'l ol` the property. All repracutttcrtts engl
additions sho also ho coverocl hy this Security Imrnunottt. All ot` the foregoing rs referred to ul this
Security Irastnuuent as tht: "Prop¤·ty."
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lswtirlly seised of the estate. ltereby conveyed and lll!
the right to grant md convey the Property sntl that thc Property it ummctmtbcrott. cntccpt for tmcurnbranccs
or trecortl. orrowcr wttrrarttr and will tlcfcncl gcnctally thc titlc to thc Property against all claims and
demands. subject to any eltctmltimtces of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combincs unifomr COVCDQIIUI for national use amt nonnmiform
covenants with Iimitod variations by jurisdiction to constintru it uniform security itlstrtlmetlt covering real
property.
UNIFORM c0vlal~tAl~t‘1‘s. Borrower and Lender covcatunt turd ttgrec ns l’oI1¤ws·
I. Payment of Prlnclpttl. Interest, Escrow Items. Prepctyuleut Churgts, md Lute Chunrtn.
Borrower shall pay whett due tho principal of, and irtrcrcrtr on, the rtaht evirlonnea hry the Note and any
prepayttttmt charges arul late chltrger due under the Note. Borrower shall also pay funds for Escrow Itcrns
rtorsuattt to Section 3. Payments due under the Note arut this Security Inatmurtent rtudl br: matic in U.S.
currency. I-Iotvt·.·vc*t, if my check or other tnstrttmctit rccctvctt by Lcritlcr as payttttntt under the Note or this
Security Itlstrumctlt is retunted to Lender unpaid. Lender may requtre Illal any or allutubsequent payments
due under the Note and lhls Sccgrity Instrument he made in one or mort: nfthc followmg forms, as solocrcd
by Lender: (lr) cash; {b) mont: er; (c) certitlod check, bank chock, trottsttrcr's ohttcx or cnshic.r‘s check,
provided any such check is tfrttwn upon an institution whose deposits are insured by 1 fKi€t'l\] agency,
mstrttmentallty. or entity; oréd) Electronic Fturds Trmsfer. _ _ _
Payments am donno rceer_vctt 3 Lctttter when received at the l0¢B¤0I'l_(1L’$I@fI&l¢Q In the Note or at
such other location as may be dtzstgttat by Lender in accordance with tht: tnoncc provtstorrs ur Sccttort I5.
Lettder ttltly I\!I'IIl‘ll lily tlyttlettl or purlial pttyrltcnl lf the pttyttletll or puttin} puytuurls are insufficient to
bring the Loan currout. {ctidcr may accept tuty [71YlIlEII( or rmrtiztl pn ment itt:lttl`liui¤tt to Urttrg the Loan
curnctt, without waiver of any riizjttr hcrcltnrter or prcjttdicc to its ringer to mftutt: such payment or p.']I'I'i|I
payments in the future _bul Lmdoris not_ obligated to apply such patyrttcnts at tht: rirrto such payments ste
accepted. If cach Pcrtodtc Payment ts applrctl tu of its S¢l’l¢<1IIl¢t1 ttuc atc. then Lender need not pay Interest
cu unapplietl funds. Lcrttlttr may hold such unsppltod funds until Borrower makes payment to bring me Lo
WASHINGTON-Singin ra·¤.·y.cmrua Mao/Freddie Mae uursomu marnumerrr   "'°“° ’°
Hanna Iysuvu, tote., St. Cloud, MM Kam MU-I-WA 6/Z1j§000 {my 2 nf} pqyqy) I` ___
08/25/2008 03:30P
lllllllllllllllllllll »-·· r   =·»
Iflo Co HR
PRCOTI DT 56 . 00 Pac »

current. l1'EUrr¤wc·r tloos not do so within a reuettshlc pcritai of tiutc, Luttier chilli either apply such {tum
or rolum them to Borrower. lf not applied e:trlier, sttclt fttutls will to applied to the outgtmdtng principal
balance under thc Note unrnedisrety riot to foreclosure. No ollset or claun which Borrower might have now
Gl lll _th¢ flllllfe agziitsl Lentict shall) relieve BOl"l'0W¢t‘ [mm uitakittg )’tn€’tits due wider the Nolo and this
Stftltlty lllstfllnleul or perfctmting the covenants ahtl {g1'E¢lI.lt¤|U scctrterixlfty this Stictlflty {tlstrtttncnt.
2· Avt¤1i¤¤¤¤¤ ¤t Plpmcnts or Prurucds. Fxccpt as otherwise ttcrenmt in una seem 2, in
payments mcptod andlspplte by Lauder shell be sppticrl inthe following order oi prioriw: (a) interest due
under thc Note; (b) principal due llaltlor the Note; (rz) amotutts dll: turler Section 3. Such payments shall be
applied to each Pe-rtoclic ttymeut in the orttor in which it lleowttc due. Any rtxnainirtg amounts uml be
ttpplicd lint to lite chilrgetlt second to any other QDTOUHL1 tltte wider this Security lnstrumetlt. arid thm to
rcdltve the prlutipal balance of the Note.
_ _ tt Lender tcvcivot ¤ paytucut from Borrower for a delinquent Periodic Payment which includes at
sufficient amount to Igoy Arty |·1l¢ charge due, the paymcttt msy hc appllctl to the tlehrtquent payment and tha
law ¤h¤rz¢· lfm¤f¤ IUI ¤ll¤ Petitxlits Paymcnt is ¤uu¤ndlng. Lender may apply any payrnont received from
Borrower rc the repttymuit oi the Periodic Payments if. and to the extmt that, teach payment ctul be paid in
full. To the extent that any excess exists mor the payment is applied to the l`tl|l paytueut of one or more
Perloolc Payments, such cxcccs may be applied to any larc char es tlue. Voluntary prepaytmzmn thsll bc
applied first to any ptepaym em charges end then tu dereribod in the Role.
Any application ol' payments, insurance proccodr, or Miscellaneous Proeeetla to principal duo under
me Note shall not cmntl or pot tpone the due date, or change the amount. ol` u1e Periodic Payments,
J. Fluids For Escrow Items. Borrower shall pay to Lender on the tiny Periodic Payments are doc
lander the Nolo, until the Note: is paid in full, tt sum (thc "Fhtttrls") to provide for payment of amounu due
for: (1) tam and assessments turd other items which can attain priority over this Eincttrily lmrrumcnr as a ttm
OY ¤¤¤t¤¤b!¤1l¤¤ ¤¤ tht! Pfvglnyl tb) lcuchuld DSYUIODI8 M l§.f0llt¤ii rents ou the Property, if Arty; (tz)
premiums for any and all sttrance required by Lender tuuter Setztiutt 5: and (tl) Mortgage insurance
promiunu, if any. or any sums payable by Borrower to l.¤1<1=w in lieu ul the prtytitml of Mortgage Insurance
pttztniums ih accordance with the Joroviniottt ol` Nwlltlll lll. "lltoso item: uc called "Bscrow ttettts." At
origination or ut any time timing te tettrl of the Loan. Letttlvr may tc%uirc that Commurtity Association
Dues. Fee:. and Auessrnmm, if any, ne escrowetl by Botrowor, and meh uct, {ties rum mersnimts shall be
ui Escrow Item. Borrower shall promptly ltmtisll to Lender all notitzctt ol amctttnts to be paitl under this
Section. Borrower shall pay Lender the Ptmds for Bserow ltcrrts unless Lender wttivcs Borrowers obligaion
lo psy the Funds for any or all Escrow Items. Lcirler may wrlive Borrower': obligation to pay to Lender
Funds for any or all Escrow items at any time. Any such waiver may only be in writingi ln the event of
such Waiver. Borrower shall pity directly. when uid where payable, the amounts due for my Escrow Items
for which payment of Pttrtds has been waived hy Lender and, if Lender requirtrs, shall {british to under
receipt: ovtdcncing such payment within such time period as Lender may require. Borrower': obligation to
make stleh puytrtentu and. to provide rceciptt shell for all purposes be tleerned to be it eovcnem mill ogreemertt
coritaittcd in this Security Instrument, as the phrase "eoven.ttnt and agreement' it med in Swim. 9. lt
Borrower is obligated to pay Escrow items directly. purauml to a waiver, and Borrower t`dil·t to pity ure
tunottnt due fotr an Escrow ltotn. Lender may exercise its rights ttndct Section 9 mul psy stteh tuttouul amd
Borrower shall then be obligated under Section 9 to rupay to Leittler uty such tuitotutl. Luttdcr may rcvolrc
the waivor as to my or all Escrow items sr any time by :t notice given iu ttuecrtliuice with Seollon 15 mi,
upon such revocation, Borrower altall phy to Lender all Funds, and iu ttueli unmantt, that are mon required
under mis Section 3.
Lender may, at any dino, collect AIR] hold Ptmds iu au aruuuut (z.) suflieient to pclmit Lender T0 apply
the Funds at tht: time specified undel‘ RBSPA, and (U) uct lo exceed thc maxillltlm ttmtltml tt lettltler can
require under RBSPA. Lezttlet shall estimate the amount of Pl'|·ll0l clue on the bu  of current dats and
reuumhle estimates of expenditures of future Pncrcw items ct Mllerwise ui acxzortlimee with Applicable
Law.
The Hludl Ihall be held in an inatimrinn whma tlaptstils site irtstmztl by tt federal agtrney,
instrumtmtality, or entity (irtcluiiing Lertrior, if Lender i• tm instimtiott whose tlepoeits are no insured) or in
any Pedml Home Loon Batik. L¤l<ler sltttll apply the Funds to pay thu Escrow Items no latct than the time
specified undor RRSPA. Letlder sltull not cltargt: Borrower for holding and applying thc Plllldd. 1Xlll\1&ll)'
analyzing ure escrow account, or verifying thc Escrow Items. unless Lender pays Borrower interut tm the
Pttltds tuttl Applicable Law pcrmils Lmdcr to make sllcll a Charge. Unless tm agrcetncrtt ia mad: in writing or
Applicablo Law requires intcrcst IO be paid oh the Ptltltls, Luttiet shall not hc required to pay Borrower! lily
interest or oarnitigs on the Funds. Borrower and Lmdor can ttgrcc in writing, however, that interest shall be
{mid on the Pltutls. Lender shall give lo Borrower, without charge, all rumtlttl itceotltltiug of tho Funds as
tcqttited Uy RHSPA.
if there is a surp.u¤ ol Ptmds hold in escrow, at daflnott under RIISPA. Lender shall amount to
Borrower l`0r the execs lttnds it: accordance with RHSPA, if there ls tt shortage 0{ Fluids held in es crow, as
tlefirted tutder RPSPA, Lander shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, md Bomwver ahnll pay to
Lender the amount rtoocsssry to make up the shortage iu accordance with RBSPA, hut in no more lilzltl 12
mouthl payments. lt there ts a deficiency of Funds helrl in cttcrow, as tlelinetl tltltler R¤$PA, Lmdcr rliall
notify hurrowet as riguireo by RBSPA, and Borrower shall pogy to l.¤tt1¤r tile ttxrtwttttt treceuttry to make up
thc dcficicncy in acco ance with RBSPA, but in no more than l monthly pzryntettts.
Upotn payment in {till of all rums secured hy lhlt Security ltutmttiem. Lentlcr sltttll promptly refmttl
to Borrower any Funds held by Ltsnder.
4. Chhrgwg Lions. Borrower altdll psy all lnlttitt, ¤l$¢N$Ill¢lI[I, charges, lines, and impcaitious
attfilltltikble to the Property whith can drtaitt priority 0Véf this Séctlrity Inslrututsul, leasehold payments or
ground rerun un the Propeny, tf my, tutd Coirunurttty Atrociatitni Dues, Fees, and Assessments, if tiny. To
the extent um these itous rot: Escrow Items, Borrowcr shall pty them in the utainier provided in section 2.
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lion which has priority over thin Srocurtry Imatrtmttmt unlcits
Borrower; (1) Agrees in writing to the payment of the oblignrirm aeeumd hy the lien in st trtamter ctxgptntilc tu
Lmdor, but only so long u Borrower is performing auch sgreotnzpt; th) contests ther lieu ui good full) by, or
dcfctzrls against enlbrcetncrtt of tile lien ut, legal ptocotsdittgs which ut l.onticr's opinion operate to prevent
the cnfot·cctrt¤nt of the len while thoue proceedings are pending, but only ttntll such proceetliitgt are
tvtlcllltletlt or (c) stecums from tht: holder of thc lim m sgltzdllltlnt satisfactory lo Lender aubordirtating the
lietl to this Security lttstrutnuttl. if Lender dctcmtinct that any part 0i' the Properly zia subject to a lim which
can strait: priority over utis Stzottrity Instrument, Lander may give Bon-owe; rr notice identifying the lien.
Within Ill (lay: 0i' ut: tlrtte on which that notice is given, Borrower shall satisfy the lien or lake one or more
of the actions set forth ubtne in this Section 4,
WABH|NGTON·—5|nq|o Family-ra¤¤l• Mn/Heddln Mee untrunm ttttsrnutvteur   '°
Bwkvla EY\tvtI\u.hv,. Dt. cl¤o¤.mN r¤m Mm-t·wA ttrztrznoo (put} W9 pupil 1
I lllllllllll Illlllll lllllllllllllll llll »-·- =   ··
08/25/2008 03 :30P
PRCOTI DT 56.00 Pacific Co. HR

_ Lcudcr may nquirc Botruwcr to pay A O!l¢~Ii’Il1G charge for .1 rc:1l mare mx verification and/or
mpotmué www uscd by Lcmlcr in comectinm with this Lurri.
· Property luvutjamz. Borrower shall tmp thc tmpmvcnmnu now existing or ticrvuner emcicd cm
th: Property znsurod against tcm by fire, ltnzudr included within me term wxrmued rovemge} and my
otncr Il-!-tml! i¤¤l¤dim;. but not limited I0, cnrlhqunku uid Honda, for wnicii Lermer requirgg iririrrmrqg
This izlsurutcc shall lie ntuimuincd in thc unuunu (inclttdixig deductible ltwtbi) md fur the pcricris tha!
Lmdcr rcqturcs. What L¤:ndc1·r¤quir¤¤ pununm rc thu recedtngi sentence! can cltaxigc during thc tcrm of the
LOA!). The lttsumtce uuricr providing me ingtnmtce gggiu be i; ogg;] by Bmgvicy mhjcg; fp Lmdeyq, {gem
ro disapprove Borruwcrw choice, whidi right mal! not be exercised urncuumbl . Lemiier may rrqinrr
Borrower to pay. in ctmucclicm with this Loan, either: (1) A mc-time charge fur tamu zone darermin,utn;n_
ccrufimtion md U`I.CkiDQ services; or (b) it rm:-rim: clurgc for flood zone neterntinrtiun and certification
mvtcu and sttbseguertt chugcn smh time ranisppings or <iniilnr ctiunge: occur whinh rcurmxbly milgnr
gtffcct such detemimuticm cr nmificuiou. Borrower Shnll also l•¢ mpumiblc for thc psymcnr of rm ee;
urtposegi by un: Fcdcrsl Emcrgancy Mruntgentent Agency in wunuctiurr winh the review of my noqzzme
detenuinauun rcsulrir? from ut ohjection by Borrowu.
If Borrower nil: to maintain my of thc coverages described above. Lxsndzr may obtain Lriruurica
coverage. at Lender': option and Ecrrcwcfs cxpcnsc. Lender is tmdcr no obligation to purchase any
particular type ur mmm! of covcrggc. 'Th€l’¢|‘0N. sucn cvveragv shall cuvcr Lender, burr migln ur mighr nur
met! Borrttwygr. B¤rr¤¤j¤r's cqtur¥ ut the Property. or the cunlcnu of zhc Property, ngximt: my risk,
ard or liability md might prrwiie greater ur lunar wverngc than wu prcricusl in effec:. Borrower
aclmcwlodgm that the cmt of me imurmcc ccrvcrngp no 0bu.im>d might significtuttf/y exceed me amt of
i¤4\\!M1¢¤ that Bvrrwwr ¤¤¤|d lwvc ¤bl·\i¤¤d. Any Amcllnm disbttrseu by Lender tmdzr thin Section 5 niull
hG0¤iY1¢ tiddtltmlnl dvbt of B0¤r0*WLtf sccutcd by thu Sccurily Instrtuncrtt. Thu: amounts shall bur Lnrerern gr
the Nile mle from Lit: dnie cf dinbumznml and skull bc payable, Wim stitch inturcsl. upon ncticc {rmi
Lmder to Bgxrrnwcr ruquwtiug pnymmn.
Ali utsuruicc pciliciua rcquircd by Lmdvr and rcnewats cf such poririu what! he mhjccr to I..mdar‘1
right lc diaapdpmvt: much pgiiclcs, shall include a standard mongngc clrtiua, and snatl nqnte Lender as
mtmgagcc ut /¤r as an additiimut tour puycc. Lender shall haw rho riiytr m Itotd me lyoticieg mia mnewrt
Gvrti ¤¤1¤.¤. if Lmdcr requires. Borrower shall promptly givc to Limder All reciaipm o paid preniinirig mn]
tvnews] notices. I1` Borrower cbtniris any form of iruurmcc ccwurage, not otherwise reqttircu Lvy Lmilreri for
tmmge to. wr dcstruatitm of, thu Proper?. such policy shalt inctnue a emuamt rnonguigr clause uid shall
name Lauder as rucmgngne and/ur u an gd itionitl loss payee.
In the event of loss, Borrower mm givc nmpr notice in rhe Lusttrztncc carrier and Lanier. Lender
may make proof of luv; if not mute pmmprly hy gcrrcwer. Unleps Lender and Borrower omwwire rye: in
Writing, my imurmcn prccccds. whether or not me tumerlying msnranur was ncquimd by Lcndcr, null bc
applied to rcnnrntiun nr TCM]! of the Propeny. if the restoration or repair is ccunvrutcally ftuuiblc and
Lender'; securiry is not 1ua¤n·:J. During auch mpuir and rcutcrmim period, l,¤1dcrsh4i1 have thc right to
hold such insurance prncwds tuitil Luidcr hu had tm uppurtuztiiy rr· inspecz such Pro rty to ensure the
work has been COiIl[)icI¢d to Lander': utisfacticrt, pmvidud Out muh imspactirm sggll be und·2rt:Lk¢1l
promptly. Lender may cisbtim prcctaudu for Lbu rcpaira and rcncruicm in a singin paymcm or in a series of
pragma payments nr me work is complcrcd. Unless an agreement is made in writing ur Appiicabte Law
Nquireu iulurust L0 bc paid cn such iI\!ut‘mc0 Prnnecds, Lender shall not be requim] lo pay Bcrrrmwcr my
inurrcst ur naming! cn such pmccévtis. Fees for public uijustera, or othcr third parties, rcmined by Borrower
Sh¤il not be pdid out uf the insurance proceeds md shall bc the mic oblxgmion ¤1'l3orrowcr. ifthr rcmtamicm
or repair Ls 1101 cwnvmitzaliy fcuiblc or Lmdcr': security would bc luscuwd, lim inaurmce proceeds shall be
applied to the suma accumd by this Sccurtty hutrumcnt, whether or nm men dun, with me exneng, if my,
paid ro Bermwcr. such imurmce proceeds than be npptiou in the order provided for iu Section 2.
tr Borrower ahandom the Property. Lender may file. ncgotitue ma sent: any available iuxut-mer
enum md rained mmm. lf Borrower doe.1 not resgoud within O (Lay; to a matic: from Lcmlcr llul the
insurance cnrrier hu 0i`1`€f¤I tc settle h claim. than under may negotiate md seul: th: cisim. The 30—day
period will begin when me notice is given. in either cvent, ur if Lmrtcr wnnrun thc Property under  
22 ur othcrwir rz, Borrower hariahy .mig,ns rc Lemter (rt) H¤¤i·¤wer‘s rights to my imurwtce yruwnrlr ut un
unmtm not to exceed the Amounts nutpaid Ullfitf the Now or this Swurily Instrument, tual (D) my other of
Borrvwerkt rights (cum tlnm thu right tu any rufuxul sf uncamcd premiums gid by Bcxrrcwm) umicr all
imurtuncc policiw covering thc Propcrty, itaaufar as auch rigtna nm applic li: to thc covcngc of thc
Property. Lxndcr may uae the insurance pmctxds cithcr to rcprir or rmurc rho Property cr ro pay amounts
unpaid under thc Not: ur rhis Scizurity Instrttmrznt, Wh%U1¢f or ll0'I then clue.
6. Occupancy. Borrower snail occupy. estnblislt. and use me Propmy ur Bormwevr principu
residcucc within 60 ¢1Ay:t altar the extmtivtt of this Sewrity Ixlstrumzrztt and shall ctmlinuc lu occupy thc
Property u Hurrcwcrhs principal residence for nr least uw: yur imc: the dst: of owupmcy, unlwn Lcudcr
othrrrwiac agrccu in writing. which cmscnt shall not be uureuotutbly witithcid. ur ttnlms izvttcnualing
circumstances ¢Xlsl ¤/hid! are bclycrtd Eurrcwcfs contra].
7. Preservation, Mninttsnnncc ¤.¤d Protection nl" thc Properly; Lnupccilnna. Borrower shall nor
dulrcy, duungu or impair rhc Prtwcny, Allow thc PTOQCITY I0 dcwrinratc or Commit wwe on the Property.
Whctlxcr ur nut Bcrmwizr is rezsi ing in thc Pt'¤pGr‘ry. I30t‘t0W¢l’ shall maintain the Property in order K0
prcvuu uic Propnrry mm dcrct·iot·.1ting or dccrwing in value due to its conttitiou. Unless it is itctcrmmed
pursuant to Section S that repair cr rcstoratlml li not economically feasible. Bcrrctwer shall promptly mpair
the Property if damaged to avoid further dctcrinrraticrn or damage. if inatmmcc cr condemnation proccriiin ara
paid in connection with dnmagc tc, or thc taking cf, rhc Property, Borrower shall he rerttlsjinaihle for
repairing OT rulcring thc Prctpimy uuly if Lender im re|ea.¤e<| pl'¤CBe&1$ {Or with purposes. eudér may
disburvc prccccds for Um r¤pa1f·¤ wd reswtitibn Ut n single payment or in rt Acrivzl ot progrvas peiytumls tu
tht W0l‘k B Completed. lA`t1.t: iusurxucc or ccudcmnuiun proceeds ar: 1101 sufficicnz w rcpair nr rcsmrc me
Property. Borrower is not mlicvué of B¤rr¤w:r'a obligation fur thc cuutplmim pf such rupair or rtcswratioitt,
Lcndrr or its agent may mxkc rcnsomblc cnrtisyupcn and uupecuvns of the Property. lf it {iu
mucuublc causz, Lender m? uupccr mc intcttqr of mp tmprqvtmwllp Un the Pruprrtty. Lender shall pvc
Borrower notice at thc time 0 ur prin: to mich ui uncrnor uutseutmt gpecrtylng 511:11 regmrriiulg mug;.
8. B0n·c·wcr's Luau AppUcatiou. Borrower ami ha iu risfmilr ir, mtring me LW; ;rpp|{i;;niqt
procuas, Borrower or any persons or entities acting at uic dirutiuit of Borrower or with 1i¤rr0w¤r's
lcnctwlcdgc or ccmwnl gave mntnriaily fttiste, tnixlerttilug. ur imtcvurutc irtfvnnmlicu, or rtuunmu I0 Ltmdcr
[or tailed to proviric Lmdar wirh nuterim inforxituviun) ui ucnuiectism with uic Loan. Mutcriul rtepruacxttatinm
incluric, but nm not liutitad to, mprenentzitioitin consenting i.·1urruw:r's occupuncy 01 thu Propcny iu
Borrowcr'a principal residence.
WA$H1Nc31'¤N—$inqla Famtly—~F•n··•l• Mn/Hndetln Ma: UNIFORM INSTRUMENT   ac 1
Dutnu Synamni hn., St. Clwd. LN Farm MD~·l·\VA 0/2 If2¢00 Util V Of? Mb!} I
08/25/26 8 23:30P
Iiilliillllillilillli »··· »   =·
Pacitic Cc. N
Pacon °T 5°*°°

9. Protection of Leudm·'lt Interest In the Property and Rights Uullar this Security Intttruu-wut. tl
(a) Bortorwct fallt to perform the CQVCDUIU zmli Rgfévtttttllt ectttaineti in this Security instrument, (tt) there in
it legal procoodrng that might significantly allow L¢¤ld9l"J interest in the Properly anti/ur rights under this
Security llUlf\l.lllB1ll<(lUCh as a procootitrtg in bI.|'1kI`(1lXUy, ptohattr, for cotutcmrtatiou or jorfcimm, for
enforcement of a treat which may atttuu priority over this Socttriqr tnatrnmmt or to CTIIOTGC lxwtl or
teguluiom), or (cl Borrower llus abmtlcntetl lite Property, then Lmdcr may do and pay for wttamvcr is
reasonable or appropriate to protect Lmdcx'1 itllorcat tn me Property mid rights Battle: this Security
ltutmtnent, including protecting and/or assessing the value of the Property. and sucllrittg md/or re irin the
F*r¤peljry._ Lender': atcttotu cunt include, but are not limited to: (a) pllyillg luly coma accurcd by aiiim taihtich
has priority over this Security instrument; (b) appearing in court; tod (cj paying rctuomtblc attomcys' fcc: to
protect IT! lntoraat Ill tlle_Pt‘o]terty und/or rights uutler this Security lnatttutletit, including its aornrod position
lll ll b¤1k'l”llP¢¤y Vl0¤¤=¢dl¥1§§. $¤¤lJflD$ tilt! Fgliény ttl¤llltl€S. lllll ts lllll lllttitetl lo. ¢Ill¢l’illg tile Pro erty to
ntailto repairs. Cllullgb looks, replace or boa up doom anti wintlown, drain water |'i·om piper, ttiliinmte
building or other cqtlc vlotatlolta or cttutgerout tzondilivtts, anti have utilities turned on ot ttf. Although
Lender may talto act1¤n_ undcr this Scotion 9._ Lcttdcr <1Q¢$ itol hilvc to do so and ia not tultlet my duty or
vbllpltqrl lv do ¤¤. it it ttgxlacd that Londct mcutr no liability 1'or not taking my or ali actions auttiortzorl
llildkr this Section 9,
Any Mll0il.tl\’$ disbursed lly Lauder tnltler thin Sectictt 9 allall bccmuc luldilicrnal debt of Borrower
scoured by this Security lttsmlment. These 1lx1l0\11ll$ attall bent interest at the Note tate from the date of
dltbutotilrtettt and shalt be payable. with allcli irtlercat, upon ll0[ll$tf fmtu Lender to Bortcrtvtrr tcqnmting
paymcn.
lf this Security instrument ia on a lcutzttcld, Borrower shall comply with all thc prcvisictta of tho
Icaao. lf Borrower acqllires lee title lu the Property. Ute leasehold will Lite {ce title shall not merge unless
Lmder a§rcca to the merger in tvritin .
I . Mortgage Insurance. llictttter rcqtlirett _M0rtg:}§¤= lllll'Il'%llC£ as a cvtulitioit of making the Loan,
Borrower Slllll pay tile preuutuus reqtlttotl to tuamnam the ortgtge insurance in effect lf, fm my teaton,
the Mortgage Inrtltmltlr cotretagt: required by Lmder ceases to bc available fmm thc mortgage insurer that
ptcviouaty provulod auch insurance and Borrowct was rcc1tlitctt to make scparatcly designated payments
toward the promltlms for Motive lmurnntc. Borrowct Stull pay Tho premiums required to obtain coverage
aubatunuully equivalent to the ongagc lrtsurantx: previously in cffcot, at a cont ttibttmnally oquivalmt to
lll: COST to Borrower of the Mortgage lllllumnce previously ill effect. from lm aitcrualc ll'10'I'lgHg¢ inautur
stalactcrl by l-enrter. lf tillhSllUl|lBJl)l equivalent Mortgage lnsttrttnce coverage ts not ttvaitutvtc. Borrower shrill
continut: to pay to Lcttdct the amount of the separately duniglttltod payments that were dim when tho
insurance coverage ceaacd to bc in effect. Len cr wil accept, tue and terrain theac payments lu u.
nlm-refundable loss reaezvc in lint oi' Mortgage insurance. Such loss reserve shall be ¤¤n—rc.fundabie,
rlolwithaluttling the feel that the Loon is ultimately paid in full, tlntl Lender attttll not be required to pay
liorrower nity ttltereal cr earntrtg txt such toss reserve. Lender can no lon er reqtlitv ipsa reserve ptyumits
t|` M¤l’¥g¤t?¢ ll1$¤t‘atlv4t Coverage (nt the tutlmittl Jutcl for the period that Eatidor I‘t3(|1lll'CS> pl‘D"JICi¤i by an
insurer etc ectod hy Lcndcr agitip hocomcll available, ill obtained. anti Lmdcr requires aoparalely designated
paymcnta toward the premiums for Mtmpge insurance. lf Lender required Mortgage ltuluratnce at .1
coltditiott of making me Luau amd Borrower was rcqlllrod to nialkc acpatatoty dC$l$Ml¢(l paytttcntlt l0V~ am mc
Fl‘L‘UllllmJ for Mortgage Iltsuraltcc. Borrw/ct shall pay thc ptcmtt-tml roqtltwd to matttutti Mottgngc
nrturancc in cffcct, or tu provide 1 ntswrofundablc loaa rcacrvc, until L¤idcr‘a rcquimmenl for Mortgage
lnsuyancc md; in accordance with my writtcn agrccmcnt bctwccn Borrower and_ Lmalcrr grcrviding for auch
temtitmtioii or until ttzxtuinatiou Lt raqilizett by Applicable Law. Noutlltg ul lllli Elitlil 0 affects
Borrowers obliglitioti to pity interest at the tale provitien in me Note. _
Mort gc Ituuranct: rcimbnractl Lutdor (or uty entity that pulchaaea the Note) for ccrtztm losses il
may incur iii; orrowor doat not repay the Lou: aa agtcoti, Borrower it not a party to thc Mortgage
Insurance.
Mortgage insutciu evaluate their toutl risk on all stlcti instlmncer ill fume from time to time, and may
enter imo agrecinents with otliiar parties that aharc or modify their nlllt, or reduce losses. Thea: B§'¢I7IIl¢'llU
arc on mma and comtitsuna that are ttatiafactory to the mortgage ittsutet and the other patty (ot partlcs) to
these I.§’BGl'lG7l\lS. Thea: agreenlents nitty require the lI10l'l'%QiQ€ Slifer to make paymtmlq twin? my IDUTCC of
funds al me ntcrtgago tttsut-at may have available (w tch may lnvtttdc tundt: olttamott tom Mttttgagc
Ins urlmce prculitlxns). _ _
Aa a tjceult of (bm: tlg`l’¢l$Hl¤ll$, Lealdltr. my piUl'¢1lfl.$¢t' of llt¤ NOW. \It0l.hGT '|ll:|'lll`Cft mf! tctnaurcr.
any olIt¢t cttttly. Ur my affiliate of ally of thc futcgmng, may rut:t:1vu=(tll1ectly or indirectly) tlalt0\llll$ tliytt
derive from (or might he chltractcziz as) a purlioll of Bortov/er‘s pttyltleitts {D1' Mortgage irlsttwlce. lll
exclltutgt: for sliuil ot ultxliiyittg the mortgage ill:llter'a mt:. cr reducing losses. i` auch agrocrnent
provides llilll All ttfllliiale ¤i Lender lake: I. Jilzre of insutet'a risk ill cxchtmgc for a abate ol' tht: premiums
pail to me insurer. the lll`NDg€m ent is oltett tarmac "cagtive l·eitt~turuicaz." Putthat:
(a) Any such agreements will unt a!Toct t t: tuznounta that Borrower has ttgroed to poy fof
Mortgage Insurance, ur any other tame nf the Loan. Such la?·cutnc.ola will not Lncrctutc the tamwhl
Borrower will owe for hlortgnga Insurance, mid they will not ent tlc Bm-mwar ta my remnd.
(1;) Any auch tlgreemetnts will not affect the rlgltta Borrower ltas——l1 any--with respect to the
Mort e lnsurtmce under thte llnmaovmors Protection Act of1998 or any other aw. These {gill mty
lnctutiggtbc rlgt to receive cutaln disclosures, to request tultt obtain cancellation of the orttzage
Iurtlramce. to te the Mortgage Insurance termtnateti automatically, and/cr to rutclvc a refund of any
Mortgaizc Icvurouce premiums that were tmearucd at thc time oi' auch canculutlon or termination.
1. Asslpimcnt ol` Mllruulltanoous Prncoods; Furllzllurc. All Mtaoclluitcotls Pmceotlt are hereby
uuigtied to ultl aliall be puial to l.eatdel.
li` utc Properly is llttltttlgtil, $llt:il Mitcettaitaotu Procaotla shall in appliod lo tcatoratiou ct repair of
the Propatgy if thc restoration or repair ia cconoutimlly fcuible ual Lender': security is not lessened.
During au 1 repair and teatoratintl pcnod, Lender shall have the right to hold auch Miscellaneous Proceeds
until ander haa had an ogponnuity to inspect such Progeny to enautrc tilt: work has been completed to
Lender': satisfaction. prov ed thai such irlspecliutl aiiall e tmdorttketl prolttplly Létldor may pity for tho
repairs and mstoratiott in a single oitvursultetlt or ui a scrics of progrcila payments an the wml: ut_ mmpleted.
Unions All agrocnictit is mano in writing or Applicable Law tcqtairca uitctrcat to bc paid ctn auch Mitcellaneous
Proceeds, L der shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or eumiilpp on slholi Mitlccllltttoolli
Ftotzeeds, lf the restoration at repair is not economically feasible or Lenders security wottltl be lessened. tllc
Misccllanootls Proccoos shalt hc apptlod to thc sums rlccurcd by this Sccttriry lnatmmottt, whcthcr or not that
dllc. with uic cxcm. if tiny. paid to Borrower. Such Miacclimcoul Ptocoodt shall bc applied in utc onlcr
ptcwitletl for in Section 2. _
lll the event or tt luuil tilting, destruction. or lust ill vtttue uf the lwpeity. utc Mlacutlmaottt
Protests allan he applica to ure stints aeollraa tty this Security lttatnminnt, whothcr or not than dun:. with the
cxcua, if tmy, paid to Borrower.
WASHINGTON-Elrtgll Fannly.-Fannla lvla•rl=mnll• Mae UNIFQRM INSTRUMENT A lm "4 °
Benicia Gymmo. l¢•o.. fit. Clove. MN Form M¤·l~WA BIIIIZOQD [wv! »/Oppul  
lllllllllllllllltllIlllllltlilllltillllllllllllt »··- i   =·
08/25/2008 03:30P
PROOTI DT 56.00 Paolflc Cc. HR

III the event of n p••n_¤InI Makin?. GHIILIUTIUIII ur Ivss iu vuIu¢_·¤I Unc Propgriy in wlaidx Un: hir unnrtct
valuc ¤I’ LI1c property unmadulely he cr! s1nep¤rua1 Utklllg, Ilestnncumn. or loss un vulue is cquul I0 or g.r¢¤I¢r
uhm mg amunnr n1 me sums secured by um Secuxiuy Iusmuxzeur immediulcly More me pzmm mkmg,
dq:rm¤¤¤n_, or Im in vame. unless Borrower um L.m<1cI· orrneawlse agree In writing. me sums secureu by
mu Secun? lumummn suali be nedumzd by me amount uf Ilxu Mimzllmwua Pmceeda muluplieai by thc
IOIIOv/I1}; nation: _(1) the Iota] amcunl of u1U'.l|.III’\! accumd immediately bcfcru me pminl uking,
desrrucurm. or loss an venue divided by (b) me fur mute: vuuc or me Propercy Innzncuimuy bdvre me
pmiul Lukixug, dcslrucljzm, or `lcu in vnluz. Any balance shnil bc paid to Honnwcr`,
In Ihe zvcnt nf a partial ulring, ricnrnmxian, cr lou in uhm nf thc Prnpmty in which rhs Im mute:
value of nh: Property immccliatcly hcfun: thc paniaI raking, dcsrrmxion, or Inu In vnhw is Inu than me
amount ¤f the sums nccurnd immcdianaly hcforc mc pnmial taking, <ic¤m1crim>, mr km in vqrns, unlms
Bmrowcr and Lender othmwiaze agree In writing, thc Minwumucmu Pruccuis nI*wI| ha appriui rc the mucus
accumi by Ihia Socuriry Inurrumem wneum or not me sums ara men due
_If1h¢ Properly _i.i uBwI<Ioued by Borrower. or I!. me: notice by Lander I0 Borrower Um! the
Uppmmg Party (M Gelmed in me ucxt seuleuuu) 0Um I0 mak: ma wud lo seul: a claim for dmuagua,
Borrower fail: to mpuuu I0 Lcmlcr within JO days uflcr [hc du: Ibn: uudlcc is 5¢vuu, Lmdvr in authnriz · tu
collect md spplg sha: Misccllamouus Proceeds cimsr ro rcsromicn or repair of me Property or no me sums
nccurod by Ihu ocurity Instrument, whether or not thm duc. "Opgnxing Party" mums zhc thin! party that
cwca Bomswcr Misccllzmooun Proceeds ur rhc party ngairm whom nnnwcr hu z right of auicm in rcgmi
to Mlscellmecus Proceuds. _ _
Bcgrov/er shall be in <IIef¤ulI if any miuu cr procuvdmg, wlmuwr civ1I ur criminal, is begun mal, in
L¤1dcr’a_ judgmcml, could rgsull in Iurfcjlurc uf U2: Property ur mlm malaria] Impainnmr of L:nd:r's
Imérest ux me Propewy or TIQIIITS under this Saztlrity Insrrlunénr. Borrower CMI: cme such a dmfmnlr md. if
uccclerntiou uu occuned. rcmalure na provided in Swlivu 19_ by causing U1: union or proceeding Io be
dismisavd willn n ruling umn. in L¤:1d¢r’¤ judgment. precludes forfeiture of the Property or other malcriul
Ixnxpainmzu of L¤:m1ur's mlcmal in du: Propcny or rights under mis Security Ixulrumcnl. TI1: proceed: 0I
amy award or claim for damages thm arc attribumblc Lv Luc iunpainucut of La.¤:u.I¤:r's iulcmsr in Un: Property
arc hcmbil assigned and shall bc paul w Lcudcr.
AI Miaccllmcous Prccccds that arc nm npplicd rv rcakcmlirm cr rcpair af Lhc Property .¤huII be
1ppIicd in the mwdcr pvovidnd for in Suction 2.
12. Bcrrrnwer Not Released; Forhearance By Lender Nm a walvn. Firicmiun of me aime for
payment or modification uf nrnurtizaticu 0I Ihc sum: sccuned by this Sucurily Instmment _gr¤1I:d by Lender
to Borrower or my Successor in Imzrcu of Borrower shall not opcmc In mluur: thc: linbihry uf Borrower or
my Sucncuorn in Intcrzsr of Hurmwcr. Lender shall nu! bc rcquinxi I0 cmnmmu proceeding ugauut any
Succeswr in lmerzsu of Borrower or to remne rc exmnd dmc for pnymssm or czhcrwisc modify amorrizntim
of me surns sccuycd by this Seecurlry Insnvmcm by rcucm of my demand made by me original Bomywcr ur
my Spcccsscm UI Iurcreqr o! Borrower. Any forbearance by Lcndizr in cxcrcuing my 11ghI or mmcdy
incxudmg. wimour Limimuon. Lender': uccepmxce of paymems from mird persons. cpmics or Suceeums in
Imcrcsr of Borrower or In amsums Iéls chan me amount mm due. shall nm bc :1 wuvcr 01 nr preclude um
exercise of my ugh! or rcmugf.
13. Joan! and Suvur Llubility; Cvdguersa Successor: and ASSBUIF Bound. Borrowm mweumu
md agrees thu Borww¤:r's obligations wd Habuiry shall be jolm and several. Iimvavcr, any Bnrrcwcr who
co-sigma this Security Imtxumcnl but docs not execute lh: Note (a ”c0-signer"): (H) is ccnignmg this Se¢I1rI?'
Inntrumunr only to uumglgc. yam md convoy U1: cu-signer': inlcml in lh: Prcawgriy undpr me Iemxx of lhs
Sccuriry Instrummr; (lu) is not pcncmalky obI1gau:1I to pay me sums secllwd by III! Secumy ITLSTFIIMQM; md
(c) sgrcca that Lcndcx amd any other Borrower can agree IO ¢X¤i¢nd. Illodxnfy. fcrtmr 01 make my
$.€£¤‘ITITTI<XIAIIOI11 wiuh ragmi to rhs mms of this Security Inanmmuu or thc Nm: wimout thc co-signer'!
couunr.
SUUJQCI I0 the provision: of $€¤li¤¥I U. my Succcancr in lntcrcsl uf Borrower who usuuncs
Borrower': obligations undermi.1 Security Iusrmmenpm writing, and in approved by Lmdur, alwll obtain ul
uf Bm1·¤w¢r'r riglu.1 and beueiits under this SECIIIITY Insrmmmr. Bcrrowcr shall nur bc miuucd from
Bonuwcn obligations and 1i1:>iIiry unda mis Sucuriry Iusmuuem unless Lcndcr agxcca no such _rclc:uq In
wmiug. The cnvmmu md agrccmmm of this Security Instrument SIHH lyiud (excepr as providul m iS¤¤\101|
21)) and banohi the succmmn and uaignn of Lmdcr.
14. Low: Chstruur. Lzmlnx Illllly chnrg: Borrower {aes |'¤r services lgncrformud iu ccmnccticm w·i{h
Borrower'; demalr, for me purpose o protectinng I.andI:r’n imnmat in thc ropcrty and righlsl under IBIS
Security Iusrrumem, ixlcludiug. hu! IIOI Iimixed Ic, momeyf foes, prcpcrry Enapmiun and valunucn fcc:. In
rcgud IO any other fees. th: utwnc: u.f express umlmriry in u1is'Secur¤ry Inxrrnumnr to charge a sgscxiic fcc
no Borrower slum uct be ccmtrued u n prohibition on me cznrgmg of auch fee. Lenderr may nur c argc Inca
um ue ex meaty prohibited by Ibis Swurng lmtr\IxI1¢m or by Applicable Law.
II zge Lmn is sultjem no a law whi neu maxirnum loan chugus, uu! um law is finally i.m¢rprc2¤d so
thu me iurcreax or other Imm charge: couccred or I0 be collected In connection wilh the Loan cxcccd thc
pen-mined Iimius, men; (un any sum Iam charge SIIIII be reduced by me amoum npcmsnny to roducq thc
charge In um permitted Iimix; and (b) my sums already collected fgom Borwwcr whxph cxcmdcd pcrmumd
Iimixx will be refunded I-: Bmruwn. Lmder may choose: to make Um r¢II1m1 by mducnng Ihe ptinclpa} Wed
under me Nme or by Imkmg 0. direc: mymanr ro Borrower. If a refund mdnnm parincipal, me nxiucniuu will
hs TIKIYM as A pnmal pIr¤p.1ymcut wirimut any prcpaymml charge (whether Or ROI s. prtpuymem charge I!
Imvided for under me Nora). Borrower'; acccptmucc of my auch refund made hy direct payment In
borrower will consnimre II wuvezr of my rignr of ¤c1I0nB0rr0wcr mIp,hth.1vo arising out uf such ovcrciurge.
15. Nucleus. All mice; givm by Borrower ur_L¢u<1¤r in comnecriou wma uns Sccurivg Insrrumem
mum bc in writing. Any umm: I0 Borrower in ¤C1I'1D¢CUUH_WI[Il Ibis Swurn? lnstrumcm shall e deemed I0
have been given Io Borrower when mailed by rim cms m¤II or when anrmaly <1eIIver¢=d ID BOYYUWETIS nouice
xuidrcsr if scm by other ·*11c:xm. Nmicc w my one Hummer s}uII cmmziune notice ro nII Bormwen umass
/\ppIi¤1bI¤ Law Gxprtmly Icqulrzs omcrwiuc, The nczicc .sddrca1 shall bc nh: Prupcny Address unlgss
Borrower Im d¢sigu:¤r¤<I ¤ subsiinnre notice .¤1<1r¤<x Ivy amine zu Lcneicr. Borrower uhm pmmpzly mm.fy
L,¤|u¤r vf B¢>rr¤·w¢r‘s manga of sdcirass. If I,¤ndar specifics n prccudun: fur rcporriug Borrower': chang: of
utlflreu, wen Borrower mall only report a change of addmsa mrvugh thu apccificd procedure. Thu: may bc
only one dnaignuarad IIori·:¤ adr1I’¤¢s under IIIII Sccnriry Inamxmcm at any cn: rim:. Any nods: tn Lender
shall be given hy delivarigg ir or hy mailing it hy first clun mail zu I.cndcr‘x address stated herein xmlns
L,an·1ar Im.1 ciuignxsrsd an ar addrau by notice Io Borrower. Any notice in connection with this Security
Insurgnnwxnn snqu not bg dneured no have OQQII givgn no L•:z102r1u»IiI actually raceivml Iqy Lender. I1' my nmim:
rczhuared by thus Sucuury IIISIYUIIIQIII is uno requnreu under Applxcalmz Law, the Applmbln Law mquirmnmt
wi satisfy the cnrrapcndmg nzqmuremanr under mu Sncuriry Instrument.
WAQHINITON-Sinqla Family-F•nni• Mulhnnddtr Mn: UNIFORM INSTRUMENT D For 30 I
uuwn sy-mn-. m,. an cmu. un Fam mc.1.w» mmooo (pu: de,rFp¤A:r) {
I
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIII »-·· =   ~
08/25/2008 03:30P
PRCOTI DT 56.00 Pacific Co. H9

IG. Guvernlnig Ltrw; Severability; l§ut¤¤_ ¤_l' Construction. This Security ltmrimqem $[1311 be
governed by federal aw and tha law ol me Jttrtsrtiunon ut which me Pruperry is ooatut. Att rights and
obllgiarrum cmiutiitatt in mls Security lustmuteul un: subject to an requirements and lirnirariom of
App icable Law. Applicable Law might explicitly or implicitly uttow tfie panics to agree: by ctmuaot or it
uttgttt tre silent, but suort silence shall nor be cotumted ut at prnhihition against a reement by contract. lu me
event mat any provision or clause of this Scrmrity lnrtrtunertt crt the Note t:ort§icts with Applicable Law.
suclt conttict shalt not after: c·th¤ provisions cf rhin Security lnstrttniem or the Note wttlctt crm be given
¢ffoCt Wttllotlt lll: UG1i·i_iCl.iIlg proviritm.
Att _ttJod lll this Secttrrty Iiistrtunent: (1) words of the mnscnlinc glllldtit shall mom and include
oorruprmdmg neuter vrortls or words oi` tllr: iv¤lIiiIll|¥ gentler; (b) words in tht: riugulur shall mom and
mclocliyhc plural and vtoe versa; nntt (c)tl1e wont "tntty" gives sole discretion without my obligation to uk:
any tn: um.
17. Borrower'; Copy. Borrower shall hu given one copy of me Note ruatl ol‘tttl.s Security ittsltultwul.
18. 'I"ra|1sf¤ of thc Property ua- ts Bmericisl Interest In Borrower. As med in um Section ttl,
"lnterest in tht: Property" moans any legal or honciicial intoronr in thu Proper , iriuurtlrtg, tml not liinitul to.
dtml! botttlictal lntenots tranrfernd in n bond for deed, contract for deg, irnataltrmmt salon contr:l¤ or
www nggrmucnt, thu intent or which Ls utc transfer or rttte by Borrower at at more date to a purnmer.
I I all or my part of the Propcrry or my lamrcar tn mc Propcrry is solo or rransfermd (br if Borrower
u not s natural person and a l>cnef‘ir:ial intcrcst in Borrower is wld €·r trmsftrrrxi) Without Lcxtdcrd prior
written consent. Lender: may require immediate payment in full or all sums mctnort hy this Security
lrxttiltfmgrrth However. mis option sllall not be exercised by t..¢nd¤r if such exercise tr prohtbired by
App ca c aw.
_ lr Lmtier exercises mts option. Leuacr Shall give Borrower notice or metmiim. The notice null
provide a penal or nor less than 30 days from thc sic thc notice is given tn rccomaace wlrtt Section 15
wltbm vrtttch Borrower must pit? all sums sccurod by this security lttstrurrlent. lf Borrower falls to pay thesc
ttumu prior to thc cxptraritzm 0 thu pcriod, Ltsttlct may invoke my rtimotlles perttllttétl Uy till.! Swttrity
lmtrtuuent without funlttrr notion or dcmand an Borrowcr.
19, B0rt‘uWt:r'ir Right to Rtiutrtulc Altar Acrstdurulluu. lf Bmrowur ruuetx certain ctmditious,
Borrower mall have the right to have enforcertteut or this Security ltislrutitetit disuoittistuctl at any time prior
to the tsarliau cf: (ta) live days before site or me Property pursuant to any pu·~¤=t- or situ cmuaulett iu this
Secttriry Instrument; (tr; inch omw period at Appticmte Low mgptt specify for the tenrttmrlcn or
Borrower': right to minutatc; or (c) entry ofagudyrtern enforcing this , tscurlx lttstrtnrnmit. Thom corttlirinns
are that Borrower: (tt) pays Lcr.dcr all sums w ich than would bc duc nndcr is Socurity Iustrum cnt and thc
Note as if no aocctersdcro had r¤ccurred;_(b) cures any dcfsult of any otllcr covenants or agreements; (rz) pays
all expenses incurred ttl enforcing uns Security nstrtintent. utctodtng. but tlOl tanned tc. reoonroe
:tttomt:ys‘ fees, property inspcction and valuation fee:. and other fees .iuctlrr•eG for the purpose of protecting
Lcndcrs lntcmsr ui tho Property md rights under mls Security Irutnunent; anti (rl) ukar mich acziou as
Lender may reasonably toqtitiws to assure that l.enrter`s itrremir in the Progeny mt rtgltnt mm or- this Socnrity
Instrument, aud Borrower'; obligation to pay thc sum: recumd by this `ecuriry lmtrunlent. shalt continue
unchanged. Lender may r uirt: that Borrower tty auch rcirtslatetrtetll stmt! and rlttipcriscs in one or more of
the following foams, as séiectcd by Lmder: 8) cash; (D) lllotloy Ortltr; (cl C¢t‘t fwd Cllcck. bank Chcck.
trea.rurer's check or cashiers check, _pr¤vid¤1 any such cttcck is drawn upon an institution wlmsc dctgvslu
are ttttureo a faletal agency. utrtrunlcutallly or cntlty; or (tl) Elccttomc Funds 'Pruufcr. {port
vcltlsutctncnrbiry Borrower. this Security lnstrtuncm md cbligrtiorw secured hcrcby shalt rmruiu ully
cffctzivo tut if no acceleration had occurred. However, this right to ruimtatc altztll ttul apply iu lltd case of
acceleration under Swrtcn 18.
20. Sale or Note; Change nr Loan Sorvtccr; Noun: ui`Gr1evu¤oc. Tb; Note or a patrtgt interest in
the Note (together with thin Security Instrument) can be sold one oz: more times without prtor notice to
Borrower. A me mign result in s change in the entity (tcuown as the ’L¤¤n Sc.t·v:lcct·") that coltecu Periodic
Pit cnut one under me Note and mls Security Instrttmcnl and performs other mortgage loan servicing
obiiilritriormt uutter me Note. that Security Instrument. and Artpplicttblc Law. Than: also might be mic or more
changes of the Loan Scrvlccr unrclare to a talc of thc orc. II tlwru is ri cliangm of thc Lozur Servicer.
Boxxonvcr will bc given wrlttm notice or thc change wlttclt will mtu tht: nunu and qddrm or ut-: ttevg Loan
Servicer, tlte address to which puytnenu stmultl be mutt: and any other utthrmarton RHSFA requires ut
connection with Alibiillo ofuamfer of ncrvicisrif. little Note ta sold ulttl ttierturtter the Low ll Bfzrvictid by t
Louu Servicer other mul thc purchaser or die Ole, ure mortgage loan ztawtcmg ohlitgstiom ro Borrower will
rvoluiu with the Loan service: or be ttansferrert to A sttcctmor Loan Scrviecr and sro not usumnd by the
Nora pttrchssor unless otherwise providui by the Note purchaser. _
Neither Borrower nm Lcndor may commence, join, or be joinurl to any judicial action (as either an
individual liligaxtl or the member of tt. class) that msn from the other party! actions |7l1r.ttl:tnt to tht!
Socuriry Instrument or that alleges that the other party hu brettcltott any prqvtstortl ol`, or my duty owed lvl;
reason of. any Security tnstmrncnr, tntttl rush Borrower or Lcrtder mu nourted the other pmy (with suc
notice given ut cotnplwrcc with the raqttrrernantr of Sccuon 15) of such alleged Itrroactr and affordqt the
outer pzury harem s rouonablo pcricxi after me givutg of such notice to take corrective atxtlron. ltytpptrcwlc
Low provtttes rr time geriod which must atopic bcforc certain action can bc taken, chat ttrue period will be
deemed to be rcaztona lv for purposes of this paragraph. TM fl0l|C¢ of ¤¢C¢l¢t‘ittt·;>l’t and 0pp¤’t'l¤!t1ty *l¤ ¤¤t¢
§iven to Borrower pursuant tn Section 22 and the notice ot` acceleration glvoxtt to Borrower pltrsumt to
Section £O8 mall bc dccmctt ro sctrtsry me nortcc and opporrumry to utlcc corrocnvc norton provisions or ttm
ccrton .
21. Hazardous Substances. Aa usod in this Suction 21: (s) "Humluus_ SUi.)IltIllCr$l" are those
substaucu defined aa toxic or haziutlou: uubstuucu, pollutants, _0r wastes by E¤Vl!OU1tl¢illIti Law ttm the
following substances: gtuoliue. kerosene, other ltrulittzntnlc or l0XtC |T€l|'0Icl\|ll proo¤l·:t;t. IQXIB petucidec and
herbicides. Volatile solvctlts. Ilt&lBI'll\L1 CON-a\II'llltg UITESIOA or fotmaldtthydz, and radioactive mitcriats; (b)
"Bnviyoruuenwl Low" ruetms federal law; md utwg or uiegtlrtactitzrion tvhare dia Propzury is locsuod that
relate ro health, safety or envircmmenrxl protcotion; (c) " nvironmcnuil Cleanup" incl ea any rc-spouse
action, remedial action, or removal action, as defined in Hnvironmuttst Law; tu-td (d) an "Environmemal
Condition" means a condition that can cause, contribute to, or otherwise trigger {Ul Eirlvirotuttcrttal Cleanup.
Borrower altnil not cause or pcnnit the prcrctlcc. usc. tlispttcttl. storage, or wlcatsc of Mt) Halftrtlotls
stttutunwr, or utrvttint to release any Hmmotis Stitaiznces. on or in the Propciry. ttmrcwcr shall not dc,
nor uttow anyone else to do. ttnyttlutg ufteityiutilg ure Pro >etry lit) lllll ts ttl vrolstlcti nt any Envtrortmmral
L.aw, (b) which creates an Brwirmrxncntal C rtim. or ic) which. due to the prtzserlct:. utc. or release of a
Hazardous Subrtmoc, creates A condition that advcrrety affects (lie value of the P1‘o{>¢rty. The prwccdittg N0
sentences mall not apply to mo presence, nre. or storage on thc Property o1’_sms] qtixntidcs o1' Htt2.a.rti¤u.·r
Substances mat mr generally recognized to be appropriate to normal tcstdcrlttat 11805 and to mtuttcnartcc of
the Property (including, but not limited ro, hazardous substances iu cuisuirlur trroducts].
WA|H|NBTON·-·Sin¤l¤ Farrelly-Fmnlu M¤•IFr•dd• M-ae UNtFORM INSTRUMENT FMF! 3 _ V  
unto. ay»t·»t»t. na- or. coo:. uw 5otm ?•lD·1·WA m mono ¤¤r·· 7'¤f91*w=&  
IlllllIlllllltIlllllllllllllllllllllllllttllt »-·· r ~ ~
08/25/2008 03:30P
PRCOTI DT 56.00 Paolilo Cc. H9

Borrower shall promptly give Lmdcr written ncricc cf (:1) my htvcsrlprlon. claim. dentauu. lawsuit
or otln: nctim by my governmental or rcgttluory agency or private. party uwotvlng the Property and my
ltazantoua Substance er tznvirenrnmmt Law at which Borrower lm actual lmewledge. (b) any
Bttvtrottmenul Comtiriou. lnctucttng but not tlmitezt ro, any spitting, leaking, tlisnltarge, release: nr nrmu e1
nleue of my Hwtrdmtt Sulmrtnce, and (C) any ¢<h1ditl0tl caused by tlte prcmtce, use or release of a
Hazardmls s\lNiltl¢¢ which mlvenely affect: the value of the Property. lf Borrower lemu, or is notified by
my govmuuental ur regulatory Atimorlty. or any private party. mtr my reuiovut or other rvmndintimt of my
Hazardous $ub¤tm¤e afferxirg the Prnpcrry is necenwy. Borrower shall promptly take ull necessary
l‘0m¤1i:tl Actions in atceorumlce with Environmental Law. Nothing herein shall create any obligation on
Lender for an Envimrtmcmxl Clctmup.
NONUNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower und Leutlcr l'urtlter covenant und ugrec aa follows:
22. Acceleration; Remedies. Lender shall give notice ru Borrower prlar tu uccdmttltm following
B¤rrw¤·'c breach of my cmenaut or uveement lu this Security [msu-umm: (but not prior to
occderotioh tmdcr Stxllnu 113 unlusv Applicable Law povldcu otherwise). The notice shall specify: (it)
the default; tb) the action requlred to cure the default; (c) a date, not less than 30 days n'l|TI\ the date
the notice is givtm lu Bmvuwzr, by which the default mum he cured; and (tl) that hnllure to cure the
default on or before the date rpeettled In the nuttee may mult In aemltzratttnn or the sums scoured by
thin Security Instrument amd snle of the Property at public uuctltm at it date nut lun than t20 days in
the future. The nulicc shall hxrthor inform Borrower of the right to reinstate after ncceltrntltm, the
right to bring a court nctlou to assert the ne¤·extstence or at default or any other defense at Ilomwver to
acceleration and sale, and any other nuattern required tn he included in the notice hy Applicable Low.
tr the denmlt is not cured on nr before the date speellled ln the uutlce, Lender nt its uptiun, may
r•:<|U|t‘e lmmedlult: pttytnuut lu hill ol` ttll sums scoured by tttls Security iustrumutt without further
demand and may tnvoke the power of sate and/or my other remedies permlttcd by Applicable Law.
 =· der shall be entitled tn collect all expenses; lncurmd tu pursuing the runetlteu provider] in tbl;
Section 2.2. including, but not limited to, rcasnmtble attorucyv {tx-: and coats ol' title cvldmec.
lf L der invokes the powa of sale, Lender shalt give written notice to Trustee of the
occurrence nfnu event of defnult umd of Lender's election tn cause the Property to he sold. Trustee and
Lender shall take such action regarding uutiee or sale and shall give such notices le Bur-sewer md tu
other persons us Applicable lLnw mqy ruquiru. Aller the time required by Applicable Law and after
publication of the notice of sale. Trunoe. without demand an Borrower. ttltall sell the Properry at
publk auction to thu htghm bidder at tho time and place and under the terms designated tu the notice
of talc ln me or more purcclu and in any ortlur Truslute dclurminus. Trustee may postpone sale ol` the
Property fur n perlod or perI¤da permitted by Applicable Law by public announcement at the time and
place {bred In the notice of sale. Lender or its rtaxlguee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser 'h·utrtee‘n deed crrnveylutz the Property without my
cuvttntttxt ur wurrtmty. tzxpruiasud or lmpllud. The rwlluls ln lltt: ']Tru>1.oe's devil shui] be PHUW [itc]:
evidence ofthe truth ofthe lrtlataneuts made therein. 'hruvree shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the
i-¤]l0Wi'11§ order: (A) to all expenses uf the rule, including, but not limited tn, reasonable 'l"r·ust¤e's tmd
nrttu-neys' fees; (tn) tu ntl sums: aeeuml by tlux Swurtty Iustrumtm; und (e) my excus tu the pwsou or
persons legally entitled to lt nr to the clerk of the superior court 01 the county Lu which the salt: t00k
anu.
pl 2.3. Recouveysune. Uptm payment of All stun: sucurtsd by this Security Instrument, L.ende1· shall
rtrqumt Trustee to reoonvey the Property And shall surrender this Security Instrument um all lnotcs
evidencing debt secured by this Security Instrument tu Trturec. Trtutce shall recuuvey tltc Prope1Ty wirllcttlt
warratnry to the person ctr persons legally entitled to it, Such pcrson or person: shall pay my meurrtarim
com and the 'I`mstce'n fm for preparing thc rccmvcymcc.
241. Substitute Trustts. In aoccrduzce with Applicable Law. Lauder may front time to time appoint u
successor trustee to my Trttstee appointed ltere·undc.r who has cwcd to net. Without cunveylmcc of thc
Property, the auccusor mance shall tmncwd to all the title, power and tlutict cunfcrrcd upcrn ’IYu.stec herein
ual by Applicable Luw.
25. Use of Property. The Property Lt nor med principally for ttgrimlrural purposes.
26. Att0r¤eys' Fees. Lender shall bc cnritlod to recover its reasonable atttomeyf foes and costa in
any action or proceeding to construe or enforce my rem: of this Sacurlry lmrmment. The term "nttcnrtcys‘
foes." whenever used in this Security Imtrurnmt, shall include without limitation ¤tt0meya‘ fees iticurned try
Lender in my bankrttptcy proceeding or on appeal.
ORAL AGREEMENTS OR ORAL COMMITMENTS T O LOAN MONEY. EXTENT)
CREDIT, OR T O FOIUHJAR FROM ENI·`0RCING REPAYMENT U1? A DEBT ARE
NOT ENFORCBLABLE UNDER WASHJNGTON LAW.
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts uu agrees tu the terms and cevcututts couttiuat in this
Security Instrument and in my Rider executed by Borrower and recorded wtrh it.
%‘ 4 [,7 "T7 '7 Q Y
{@2 ....   .... :ém..»e.LClQ.. Cie. (Seal)
P PEREZ TINU . -B¢;mweg·
  .. . ....    
ANABELPAHSONS T orrower
wAsut~¤r0n—slngte Family-Fauna- M-./mus. Mu umromvt INSTRUMENT Form Joao wt
Bum: Swann. Inv., tt. cl¤utl.Mr• fum Mb-t-we slztlzovc (mu Nfl! pager)
IlllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllIllllllllllllllllll »··· = »·· ~·
' 06/25/2008 03 :30P
PRCOTI DT 56.00 Pacific Co. HR

·-Y·.-...-.....7....T [span B•|¤w This Uno For Aekrmwlodqmentl ·———-———-——•-—·—·
STATE OP WASHINGTON, ...........   ..... .. .. .... Coimly ss:
On ¤iig.lR*r('..,$2;..f& ,4........,......,... dry or Juriazuvv .....................4,.....,.._....,............... ,
personally appeared before me PHIPIQPFBEZ.!LHU£»0;lNAB£LFAHSIlN5.HUSIANDANHWWJE ...........4....4.........,.......
,.,.,....,....,...,... . ..,A.,.,...,..........‘..... . .,........,.........4....... lllc rigiicm) ur uic abcvc lmirumenr. who
duly ucknuwledgml I0 me lllanl llllillillllly UX¤¤l\¤¤l dw HIM.
My Commissicn czqvircr: _..Z//‘/90/ 5L /, Y
.....   .,,... Q: .......,.,........ , ......,,..........
_»/ (Nmary Public lh and lor the Stan of Wul‘lh¤!on, rnidlhq M
KA , , 4 4
.,._...ii. é F.?7]/2T€?§§€..€ ...iii..iiii.i.iiii.iiii.i...ii.i.... Q v.iii..i.i .,
REQUEST POR RBCONVEYANCZE
TO TRUSTEE:
Thu umlcraignczl ir thc holder of thc note or rrmes secured by lhb Deed of Trust. Sald HOKE OT MNB.
lngellwr wiili all oille: irldublédlleti secured bgthis Dead nf T‘nm, have been paid in full. You are hereby
direuui lo cancel said nuke ur notes and mis earl of Tmu, which nrc dclivemi hereby, and lo rcccmvey,
wizhour wsrrmiy, all the umu: new lruld by you mule: uni: Dm! ol ’|‘rusi io uw person or persons legally
entitled thereto.
Dare: .....,............... , ...... . .,........... ....,., ..........,...,.......,................,..,i..................,......
JAMES C. R·OBEHT`§§N
stm; 0i= WQSHINGTGN
COMMISEQN   j
5 _ MMI¤Hl11@,2l9ll§ ‘
wnauinarou-sum FlmlIY—FI|\PI| m»•/mw. Mn umrom.4 msrnumwr , F °°" "
Bnnkm Bymmo, no., Br. Cwuu MN =n¤m MD-l-WA N/Jir2¤¤¤ (page 9 qfvpagm)
illlillllillillIllliIllllilllililillilliIllilllilllli P··· i ~·· M
08/25/2008 03 :30P
PHCOTI DT 56.00 Paci f to Cc. HR

(Assignment of Rents)
THIS 1··4 FAMILY RIDER is made thisI9TH day of JUNE, 2008 ,
and is incorporated into and shall be deemed to amend and supplement the Mortgage. Deed
of Trust. or Security Daad (tha "Ssuurity Instrument") of xhea same data given by the
undersigned (the "B¤rr¤wer"I to secure Borrower`: Note to RAYMOND FEDERAL BANK, LONG
BEACH BRANCH, 1815 PACIFIC SUUTH, P.U. BOX 1U78.LUNG BEACH. WA 98631
(thc
"Lander") of the same date and covering tha Property described in tha Security Instrument
and located at? 712 SPHUCE STIIEET, ILWACO. WA 98824
[Property Address]
1-4 FAMILY COVENANTS. In addition to the covenants and agreements made in me
Security Instrument, Borrower and Lender further covenant and agriaa as follows:
A. ADDITIONAL PROPEIPITY SUBJECT TO TI-IE SECURITY INSTRUMENT. In addition to
tha Property described in tha Security Instrument. tha following items now or hereafter
attached 10 the Property to the extent they are fixtures ara added to the Property description,
and shali also constitute tha Property covered by tha Security Instrument: buitding materials,
appliances and goods of every nature whatsoever now or hereaftar located In, cn, or used, or
intended to be used in conn·acUc>n with the Property, including, hui not limited tc, those for
tha purposes of supplying nr distributing heating, coming, electricity, gas, water, air and light,
fire prevention and extinguishing apparatus, security and access control apparatus, plumbing,
bath tubs. water heaters, water closets, sinks, ranges, stoves, refrigerators, dishwashers,
disposals, washers, dryers, awnings, storm windows, storm doors, scracna, blinds, shades,
curtains and curtain rocls, attached mirrors. cabinets, panaling and attached floor coverings.
all of which, including replacements and additions thereto. Shall ba deemed to be and remain
a part of whe Property covereuzi by the Security Instrumem. All of the foregoing mgethar with
the Property described in the Security Instrument (or the Iaasahold estate if the Security
Instrument is on a leasehold) are referred to in this 1-4 Family Rider and the Security
Instrument as the "F’r0party.”
B. USE OF PROPERTY: COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. Borrower shall not seek, agree zo or
make a change in the use of the Property or its zoning classification, unless Lender has
agreed in writing to the change. Borrower shall comply with all laws, ordinances, regulations
and requirements of any governmental body applicable to tha Property.
C. SUBORDINATE LIENS. Except as permitted by federal law, Borrower shall not allow
any lien inferior to the Security Instrument to ba perfected against the Property without
Landau prior written permission.
D. RENT LOSS INSURANCE. Borrower shall maintain insurance against rent loss in
addiiion 10 tha 01her hazards "0r which insurance is required by S6c1i0n 5.
MULTISTATE 1- 4 FAMILY RIDER - Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
Form 3170 1/01
@3-57R (0411) gpf
Page 1 013 Initialszy W
\/MP Mortgage Solutions, Inc.
IBOOIEZ1-7291
06/25/2008 03:30P
IlliilllllilIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIll »··- I » -· ~·
PRCOTI DT 56.00 P•¤1f1¤ Cn. HR

E. "BOHROWEWS RIGHT TO RE|NSTATE" DELETED. Section 19 ia deleted.
IF. BORROWEITS OCCUPANCY. Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing,
Section E5 concerning Bcrrowofs occupancy ofthe Property is deleted.
G. ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES. Upon Lencler‘s request after default, Borrower shall assign
to Lander ell leases of the Property and all security deposits made in connection with leases
or the Property. Upon the assignment, Lender shall have the right to modify, extend or
terminate t e existing leases and to execute new leases, in l,.ende·r's sole discretion. As used
in this paragraph G, the word "|easo" shall mean "sublaase" if the Security instrument is on e
leasehold.
H. ASSIGNMENT OF RIENTSJ APPOINTMENT OF RECEIVER; LENDER IN POSSESSION.
Borrower absolutely and unconditionally assigns and transfers to Lender all the rents and
revenues l"Renta”l of the Property, regardless of to w|‘ror*n the Renta of the Property are
payable. Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender's agents to collect the Rents, and agrees that
each tenant or the Property shall pay the Rents to Lender or Lender’s agents. However,
Borrower shall receive the Rents until: li) Lender has given Borrower notice of default
pursuant to Section 22 of the Security instrument, and (ri) Lender has given notice to the
tertarttlal that the Rents are to be paid to Lender or Lender‘s agent. This assignment of Renta
constitutes an absolute assignment and not an assignment for additional security only.
lf Lender gives notice cl default to Borrower; lil all Rents received by Borrower shall be
held by Borrower as trustee l“or the benefit of Lender only, to be applied to the sums secured
by the Security Instrument; (ii) Lender shall be entitled to collect and receive all of the Renta
o the Property; (iii) Borrower agrees that each tenant ot the Property shall pay all Renta clue
and unpaid to Lender or Lender's agents upon Lender‘s written demand to the tenant; (iv)
unless applicable law provides otherwise, all Rents collected by Lender or Lender's agents
shall be applied first to the costs of taking control or and managing the Property and
collecting the Rents, including, out not limited to, attcrney‘s fees, receiver's fees, premiums
on receiver‘s bonds, repair and maintenance costs, insurance premiums, taxes, asseaaments
and other charges on the Property, and than to the sums secured by the Security lnetrumonti
(v) Lander, Lender‘a agents or any iudicially appointed receiver shell be liable tc account for
only those Rents actually received; and tvi) Lender shall be entitled to have a receiver
appointed to take ossession of and manage the Property and collect the Rents and profits
derived from the Property without any showing as to the inadequacy of the Property as
security
lf the Rents of the Proferty are not sufficioitt to cover the costa of taking control of and
managing the Property an of collecting the Rents any funds expended by Lander for such
purposes shall become indebtedness of Borrower to Lender secured by the Security
Instrument pursuant to Section 9.
Borrower represents: and warrants that Borrower has not executed any prior assignment
of the Renta and hee not performed, and will not perform, any act: that would prevent Lender
from exercising its rights under this paragraph.
Lender, or Lender's agents or a judicially appointed receiver, shall not be required to enter
upon. take control of or maintain the Property before or after giving notice of default to
Borrower. However, Lender, or Lender's agents or a judic:a|ly appointed receiver, may do so
at any time when a default occurs. Any application of Rents shall not cure or waive any
default or invalidate any other right or remedy of Lender. This assignment of Rents of the
Property shall terminate when all the sums secured bythe Security Instrument are paid in full.
l. CROSS-DEFAULT PROVISION. Borrcwer‘s default or breach under any note or
agreement in which Lender has an interest shell be a breech under the Security Instrument
and Lender may invoke any of the remedies permitted by the Security instrument.
.. . pf
Initials:
@~57FtlO41'l) Page 2 of 3 Form 3170 1/O1
05/25/2008 03:30P
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »··· l M ·· rt
pncort DT 56.oo Pacific: Cnc. HR

BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the telrms and covenants contained
in this 1·4 Family Rider. _
l
 (Seal)  -1L·\@i@ O$ (Seal)
PFUR0 PER WNUCU —Borr¤wer ANABEL FARSUNS —B¤rrowar
_____;______________;,_ (Seal) ;___.. _1_&__...._. {SMU
·Borrcwer ·B0rr¤wer
..,______(5aa1) _.,___...__._?.,.__._(S¤¤|l
.B¤rrower ·Borr¤wer
@-57n (0411) Page 3 013 Farm 3170 1/01
3 1 13048
P•g•: 12 of 14
08/25/2008 03:.30P
PHCOTI DT 56.00 Pacific Co. HR

PAYMENT RIDER
THIS PAYMENT RIDER is made this   .....,..,.,. clay of .vI.I-IIIIEr.2I].IIE ........ . ........... and is
incorporated into and shall be deemed to amend and Supplement the Mortgage, Deed of
Trust, or Security Deed (tha "Security Instrument") of the same date given by tha
undsrsi ned ("the Borrower") to secure Borrowers Note to ...Ii$IlNIlIIII.II.I?I?.I}I?IIIIL.I$IIINI$rLUIIIP ,..,,.
.5£II.QH. EFANQHI .l.¤.i.5. l’.lllJll€l.G.$.CllITli». ILO: BQX. IIIZBI .LIilIl!3 .5EAl2Hr.lllA . 9.$l'i€l.l ...,.......... . ............ . . ........
......,..........,............... . .,...... ,,..,. ....,..,,,.,..,.........,.,....,.,.......,., . .,........... ("the Lander") of
the same date and coverin the roparty described in the Security Instrument and located Eli
.?.I.2. $.'?II.IIPE. $.TiIEl?I·. IIWIIQOIIIIII . 959%% ....., . ..................................,.................................
[Property Address]
ADDITIONAL OOVENANTS. In addition to the covenants and agreements made in the
Security Instrument, Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree 85 follows:
A. PERIODIC PAYMENTS DI: PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST
The Note provides for periodic payments of principal and interest as fC>lI¤wsJ
3. PAYMENTS
IAI Periodic Payments
I will pay principal and interest by making periodic payments when Schoduledt
I:] I will make ..............,......,.... payments of S ........................................................
each on the ..,......,....,.. . ....,. . ...,......,..., . ................... . ..... . .......,................................
of each ....,............,..... , ..........,.....,..............,.,.......................,......».........,,.............
.......i.i................................ beginning on ........................ . .................................... .
IX] I will make payments as follows:
l79 MONTHLY PAYMENTS OF $833.30 BEGINNING 08·Ul·2008.
IX] In addition to the payments described above, I will pay a “BeIIoon Payment" at
5 .zIJiR‘lI-!·.IP ........,.........., on .II.`I1II.I.‘.ZII.2iI .......................................... . The Note Holder
will deliver or mail to mei notice prior to maturity that the Balloon Payment is due. This
notice will state the Balloon Payment amount and the date that it is due.
IBI Maturity Date and Place of Payments
I will make these payments as scheduled until I have paid all of the principal and interest
and any ¤ther charges described below that I may owe under this Nota. My psriodirn
payments will bg applied {O interest before Principal. If, on   ,,,,,,,,,,,,,.,.,,.,,,,,,,,.,,.i ,
I still owe amounts under this Note. I will pay those amounts in full on that date. which is
called the "Maturity Data"
I will make my periodic payments at ...I.$.I$.IaIIllI.EI.C.$.IIII`IIl·.I-.IIIIIII.IlIiII$.IIr.WII.9.III$(iI ................,
..............,....i...,.....i..,..,...,................ or at a different place if required by the Note Holder,
MULTIPURPDSE FIXED HATE PAYMENT RIDER IMULTISTATEI `"
Bankers Systems, [no., Sit. Cloud, MN Form MPFR-PR 6/15/2004 ).-r"     I
ref: MPFR-MN {page lo/2 pages} QQ
31 13048
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »··· = ·=· ·· ~
08/25/2008 03:30P
pqcon DT 58.00 Paolflc Co. HA

CI B. FUNDS FOR TAXES AND INSURANCE
Uniform Covenant 3 of the Security Instrument is waived by Lender.
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained
in this Payment Rider. /
    .... zsean
R0 PEREZ I UCD   -B0rr0wer
  l QXIOQU .r....   ......... (sean
Bankers Systems, Inc., St. Cloud, MN Form MPFR—PR 6/`IIS/2004 {page 2 cf`2 pages}
IIIIIII IIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIII III IIIIII III IIII ~-·· I ··· ·· =~
08/25/2008 03:30P
PQCOTI DT 56.00 Pac1fic<2o. HR

