(3
OY
f
$3.
Q I 'l`his Space Provided for Reeorder's Use
{,:5;* When Recorded Return 'l`o:
-t··— ) .RAYlllQN£1FE.DERALB.ANI< .2U2.D.URYEA STREEF. I?-.0-.RQX.271.RAYMO.NU..WA..9B57.l ..........
Document Title(s) DEED DF IRUST .&.l·.’l FAMlLY.RlDER. & FIXED R.ATE.PA.YME,NT.RlDER ......
Grantor(s) $lEVEN.H-LAZEI-li.AND.KA.REN.L-.LAZ.ELLEt.HU$BAND.AND.W,lFE .....,..,.........
Grantee(s) RAYMDND FEDERAL BANK ............................,.......,.................
I,egal Description PIN IRAQT.l0..RAYMON.D.GAR.DEN.TR.ACT§..V¤LrD-.2,.Pr1.03,.PA.Cl.F.lC.Cll.UllTY
Assessor's Property 'l`ax Parcel or Account Number YZDAYUAUOUZ ,...............
Reference Numbers of Documents Assigned or Released .......................
• r i , — ~.
First American Title Insurance gg. (2,} e?>e>i;
  [Space ove his inc For Recording Datal —-————————-—-————-——
I)liPlNI'I`lONS DEED DE TRU
Words used in multiple sections of this document are defined below and other words are defined in Sections
3, ll, I3, l8. 2t) and 2I. ("eitain rules regarding the usage of words used in this document are also
provided in Section I6,
(A) "Security Instrument" means this document, which is dated 0El:l9:20U.8 ..,..,..,..,.......,.....................,
together with all Riders to this document.
(B) "Borrovvet·" is $IEVEN.H.-,LAZElLE,ANU.KABEN.L-.LAZ.ELLE..HU$BAND.ANU.WlFE ............................,............r......
Borrower is the trustor under this Security Instrument.
(C) "Lender" is .R,AYMOND,FEUERAL.BRNli .......................................................,..............................
.._...._..,..,..,.....,..,..,.,,,,,,,.. . ................................,.................... . ..........,.....,... . Lender is a
.CURPOR,AllON .,.....r.......................,.r.....,..,..,....,..,.......,..,..,............ . ........ organized and existing
under the laws of THE U.NllED.$l.AlE$ DF A.NlEBlDA ,.................................................. . I.ender‘s address is
20,2 D.URY.EA ,STR,E.El.. P,0. BOX, 27.l.,.RA.W.0ND.. WA .98577 ....,.......................................,.....,..,......l...,.......... ,
lender is the beneficiary under this Security Instrument.
(D) "Ti·usree" is Fl.R$T.AMER.lCAN.ll"lLE.lN.$URANQEDO-.BOX2,5I..1906.W.R0.BERl.BU$R,DR.lVE. .$OU.TR.BENUrWA..9858.6 ,.......,. .
(E) "Note" means the promissory note signed by Borrower and dated D$tl.91ZQO$ .......... .. ,..,.......,. . ,......., .
'l`l1e Tslote states that Borrower owes Lender UNE HUNDREIT1FIVEIROUSAND.A.NU.NQl.l,C.0 ,................,..................,
..,.r,,.,,......,...................... .. ,.......,. . Dollars (U.S. $ .l.O5..¤0U.00 ...,........,..... ) plus interest, Borrower
has promised to pay this debt in regular Periodic Payments and to pay the debt in full not later than
iJ7.—U,l.—2D23 ....,.....,..,..,,.,..,,..,.,....,,..........................,..............................,..........,..,..,....,..... .
(F) "Property" means the property that is described below under tlte heading "Trausfer of Rights in the
Property."
(G) "Loan" means the debt evidenced by the Note, plus interest, any prepayment charges and late charges
due under the Note, and all sums due under this Security Instrument, plus interest.
(H) "Riders" means all Riders to this Security Instrument that are executed by Borrower. 'llte following
Riders are to be executed by Borrower [check box as applicable]:
I] Adjustable Rate Rider li; Condotitiiiiuttt Rider Cl Second Ilome Rider
I] Balloon Rider if Planned Unit Development Rider [Xl Other(s) [speeiI`y| FIXED ..,.
@ I-4 l*antiIy Rider lf? Biweekly Payment Rider RATE PAYMENI R.|D.ER ............
(I) "Applicable Law" means all controlling applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations,
ordinances and administrative rules and orders (that have the effect of law) as well as all applicable final,
nomagpealable judicial opinions.
(J) " ommtmity Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments" means all dues, fees, assessments and other
charges that are imposed on Borrower or the Property by a condominium associatioit, homeowners
association or similar organixat ion.
(K) "Electr0nie Funds Transfer" means any transfer of funds, other than tt transaction originated by check,
draft. or similar paper instrument, which is initiated through an electronic temiinal, telephonic instrument,
Form 3048 1I01
wnstiinorori-single Family-Fannie Maeirreuuie tvtac urttrrortm insraumenr  
Bamsrs $ystsms,lric.,$t Cloud,MN Form MD I WA Si2l·2000 I I /
ral \*2OOI (pr1gr·r]qf9p0g1·.r) pl L ¢£"_\ R K 3 A O
lllllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllll »··· i ~· ··
08/23/2008 10:00R
FIQFITI DT 56.00 Pacific Cc. HR

computer, or magnetic tape so as to order, instruct, or authorize a financial institution to debit or credit an
account. Such term includes, but is not limited to, point~of-sale transfers, automated teller machine
transactions, transfers initiated by telephone, wire transfers, and automated clearinghouse transfers.
(L) "Escrow Items" means those items that are described in Section 3. 4
(M) "Miscellaneous Proceeds" means any compensation, settlement, award of damages, or proceeds paid by
any third party (other than insurance proceeds paid under the coverages described in Section 5) for: (i)
damage to, or destruction of, the Property; (ii) condemnation or other taking of all or any part of the
Property; (iii) conveyance in lieu of condemnation; or (iv) misrcpresentations of, or omissions as to, the
value and/or condition of the Property.
(N) "Mortgage Insurance" means insurance protecting Lender against the nonpayment of, or default on, the
Loan.
(O) "Perlodic Payment" means the regularly scheduled amount clue for (i) principal and interest under the
Note, plus (ii) any amounts under Section 3 of this Security Instrument. _
(P) "RESPA" means the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (12 U.S.C. §260l et seq.) and its
implementing regulation, Regulation X (24 C.F.R. Part 3500), as they might be amended from time to time,
or any additional or successor legislation or regulation that governs the same subject matter. As used in this
Security Instrument, "RESPA" refers to all requirements and restrictions that are imposed in regard to a
"iederally related mortgage loari" even if the Loan does not qualify as a "federally related mortgage loan"
under RESPA,
(Q) "Successor ln Interest of Borrower" means any party that has taken title to the Property, whether or not
that party has assumed Borrowers obligations under the Note and/or this Security Instrument.
TRANSFER OF RIGHTS IN THE PROPERTY
This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (i) the repayment of the Loan, and all renewals, extensions and
modifications of the Note; and (ii) the performance of Borrower's covenants and agreements under this
Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to Trustee, in
trust, with power of sale, the following described property located in the ...C.UUNTY.0f.P£\.GI.F.lC ......................
. ..,...................................................,............,,................................... of .... $TAIE.[II ........,.
[Type of Recording Jurisdiction]
W!t$t*IN.¤.TDIl ...,,..................... . ......................,,.,,................................................................. ;
[Name of Recording Jurisdiction)
THE WEST 106 FEET OF THE EAST 216 FEET OF TRACT 10 OF RAYMOND GARDEN TRACTS, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOFRECORDED
IN VOLUME D-2 OF PLATS AT PAGE 103 ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE AUDITOR OF PACIFIC COUNTY, WASHINGTON.
EXCEPT THE NORTH 5 FEET THEHEOF CONVEYEO TO PACIFIC COUNTY FOR ADDITIONALRIGHT 0F WAY OF OSTMAN ROAD, IN VOLUME 227
OF OEEDS AT PAGE 417.
which currently has the address of ...........................,........ 5$4.U$IM!iN.BP.HU ..........................,.......,.
[Street]
..............,....... HAYMONU ....................... , Washington ......,....... Q $5.7] ...... . ...... ("Property Address"):
(City] [Zip Code]
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all
easements, appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and
additions shall also be covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this
Security Instrument as the "Property."
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby conveyed and has
the right to grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances
of record. Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and
demands, subject to any encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non—uniform
covenants with limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real
property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal, Interest, Escrow Items, Prepayment Charges, and Late Charges.
Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and interest on, the debt evidenced by the Note and any
prepayment charges and late charges due under the Note. Borrower shall also pay funds for Escrow Items
pursuant to Section 3. Payments due: under the Note and this Security Instrument shall be made in U.S.
currency. However, if any check or other instrument received by Lender as payment under the Note or this
Security Instrument is returned to Lender unpaid, Lender may require that any or all subsequent payments
due under the Note and this Security Instrument be made in one or more of the following forms, as selected
by Lender: (a) cash; (b) money order; (c) certified check, bank check, treasurer‘s check or cashier's check,
provided any such check is drawn upon an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency,
instrumentality, or entity; or (d) Electronic Funds Transfer. I _ _
Payments are deemed received by Lender when received at the location designated in the Note or at
such other location as may be designated by Lender in accordance with the notice provisions in Section 15.
Lender may return any payment or partial payment if the payment or partial payments are insufficient to
bring the Loan current. Lender may accept any payment or partial payment insufficient to bring the Loan
current, without waiver of any rights hereunder or prejudice to its rights to refuse such payment or partial
payments in the future, but Lender is not obligated to apply such payments at the time such payments are
accepted. lf each Periodic Payment is applied as of its scheduled due date, then Lender need not pay interest
on uiiapplied funds. Lender may hold such unapplied funds until Borrower makes payment to bring the Loan
WASHINGTON—SingIe Family- Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT Form 3(I4 /1%)1 A
Bankers Systems, Ine., St. Cloud, MN Form Ml'}-1-WA 8/21/2000 (page 2 0f9pages) ’;.
IIIIIII|I|IIIIIll|I|||IlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII »··· i ¤·· ~·
06/23/2008 10:00A
FIHHTI DT 56.00 Pacific Cc, HR

current. lf Borrower does not do so within a reasonable period of time, Lender shall either apply such funds
or return them to Borrower. lf not applied earlier, such funds will be applied to the outstanding principal
balance under the Note immediately prior to foreclosure. No offset or claim which Borrower might have now
or in tlte future against Lender shall relieve Borrower from making payments due under the Note and this
Security lnstrumettt or performing the covenants and agreements secured by this Security Instrument.
2. Application of Payments or Proceeds. Except as otherwise described in this Section 2, all
payments accepted and applied hy Lender shall be applied in the following order of priority: (a) interest due
under the Note; (b) principal due under the Note; (c) amounts due under Section 3. Such payments shall be
applied to each Periodic Payment in tlte order in which it became due. Any remaining amounts shall be
applied first to late charges, second ·to any other amounts due under this Security lnstrunicnt, and then to
reduce the principal balance ofthe Note.
lf Lender receives a payment from Borrower for a delinquent Periodic Payment which includes a
sufficient amount to pay any late charge due, the payment may be applied to the delinquent payment and the
late charge. lf more than one Periodic Payment is outstanding, Lender may apply any payment received from
Borrower to the repayment of the Periodic Payments if, and to the extent that, each payment can be paid itt
full. 'l`o the extent that any excess exists after the payment is applied to the full payment of one or more
Periodic Payments, such excess may be applied to any late charges due. Voluntary prepayments shall be
applied first to any prepayment charges and then as described in the Note.
Any application of payments. insurance proceeds, or Miscellaneous Proceeds to principal due under
the Note shall not extend or postpone tlte due date, or change the amount, of the Periodic Payments.
3. Funds for Escrow Items. Borrower shall pay to Lender on the day Periodic Payments are due
under the Note, until the Note is paid in full, a stun (the "Funds“) to provide for payment of amounts due
for; (a) taxes and assessments and other items which can attain priority over this Security Instrument as alien
or eneumbrance on the Property; (ln) leasehold payments or ground rents on the Property, if any; (c)
premiums for any and all insurance required by Lender under Section 5; and (d) Mortgage Insurance
premiums, if any, or any sums payable by Borrower to Lender in lieu of the payment of Mortgage Insurance
premiums in accordance with tlte provisions of Section 10. 'fhesc items are called "Escrow ltenis." At
origination or at any time during tlte term ofthe Loan, Lender tnay require that Community Association
Dues, Fees, and Assessments, if any, be escrowed by Borrower, and such dues, fees and assessments shall be
an Escrow ltem. Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender all notices of amounts to be paid under this
Section. Borrower shall pay Lender the Funds for Escrow Items unless Lender waives Borrowers obligation
to pay the Funds for any or all liserow items. Lender may waive Borrower's obligation to pay to Lender
Funds for any or all Iiscrow Items at any time. Any such waiver may only be in writing. ln the event of
such waiver, Borrower shall pay directly, when and where payable, the amounts due for any Escrow Items
for which payment of Funds has been waived by Lender and, if Lender requires, shall furnish to Lender
receipts evidencing such payment within such time period as Lender may require. Borrower's obligation to
make such payments and to provide receipts shall for all purposes he deemed to be a covenant and agreement
contained in this Security Instrument, as the phrase "covenant and agroetnent" is used in Section 9. lf
Borrower is obligated to pay liscrow items directly, pursuant to a waiver, and Borrower fails to pay the
amount due for an Escrow Item. Lender may exercise its rights under Section 9 and pay such amount and
Borrower shall then be obligated under Section 9 to repay to Lender any such amount. Lender may revoke
the waiver as to any or all liscrow Items at any time by a notice given in accordance with Section I5 and,
upon such revocation, Borrower shall pay to Lender all Funds, and in such amounts, that are then required
under this Section 3.
Lender may, at any time, collect and hold Funds in an amount (a) sufficient to permit Lender to apply
the Funds at the time specified under RHSPA, and (b) not to exceed the maximum amount a lender can
require under l{liSPA. Lender shall estimate the amount of Funds due on the basis of current data and
reasonable estimates of expenditures of future Escrow Items or otherwise in accordance with Applicable
Law.
The Funds shall be held in an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency,
ittstrumentality, or entity (including Lettder, if Lender is an institution whose deposits are so insured) or in
any Federal Home Loan Bank. l,ender shall apply the Funds to pay the Escrow Items no later than the time
specified under RHSPA. Lender shall not charge Borrower for holding and applying the Funds, annually
analyzing the escrow account, or verifying the Escrow Items, unless lender pays Borrower interest on the
Funds and Applicable Law permits Lender to make such a charge. Unless an agreement is made in writing or
Applicable Law requires interest to he paid on the Funds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any
ittterest or earnings on the Funds. Borrower and Lender can agree in writing. however, tltat interest shall be
paid on the Funds. Lender shall give to Borrower, without charge, an annual accounting of the Funds as
required by RHS]-’A.
lf there is a surplus of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RIESPA, Lender shall account to
Borrower for tlte excess funds in accordance with RESPA. lf there is a shortage of Funds held in escrow, as
defined under RIESPA, Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RI£Sl"A, and Borrower shall pay to
Lender the atnount necessary to make up the shortage in accordance with RIESPA, but in no more than 12
monthly payments, lf there is a deficiency of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RFSPA, Lender shall
notify Borrower as required by l?t.ESl’A, and Borrower shall pay to Lender the amount necessary to make up
the deficiency in accordance with RIESFA, but in no more than 12 monthly payments.
Upon payment in full of all sums secured by this Security lnstrunient, Lender shall promptly refund
to Borrower any Funds held by Lender.
4. Charges; Liens. Borrower shall pay all taxes, assessments, charges, fines, and impositions
attributable to the Property which can attain priority over this Security Instrument, leasehold payments or
ground rents on tlte Propeny, if any. and Conimunity Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments, if any. To
the extern that these items are Escrow Items, Borrower sl1all pay them in the manner provided in Section 3.
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security instrument unless
Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable to
Lender. but ottly so long as Borrower is performing such agreement; (b) contests the lien in good faith by, or
del`ends against enforcement ofthe lien in, legal proceedings which in Lender’s opinion operate to prevent
the enforcement of the lien while those proceedings are pending, but only until such proceeditigs are
concluded; or (c) secures frotn tlte holder of the lien an agreement satisfactory to Lender subordinating the
lien to this Security Instrument. lf Lender determines that any part ofthe Property is subject to a lien which
can attain priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying tlte lien.
Within lt) days ofthe date on which that notice is given, Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take one or more
ofthe actions set forth above in this Section 4.
wasntnoron--single Family-Fannie Maermaure Mac unrromvt niisrnurvienr C F°"“ 30 */01
Bankers Systems, Inc , St Cloud. MN Form MD-I-WA `d'2'l'2000 ([7!1,Qt¢ 3 r;f9pr1gei‘}   é
31 1 2949
l [lll lllll llll llll lllll llllllll lllll lll lllll llll llll ;;—aa,~· ··
TI DT 56.00 Paeirie c¤,8n:i0`0°A

Lender may require Borrower to pay a one—time charge for a real estate tax verification and/or
reporting service used by Lender in connection with this Loan.
5. Property Insurance. Borrower shall keep the improvements now existing or hereafter erected on
the Property insured against loss by fire, hazards included within the term "extended coverage," and any
other hazards including. but not limited to, earthquakes and floods, for which Lender requires insurance.
'l`his insurance shall be maintained in the amounts (including deductible levels) and for the periods that
Lender requires. What Lender requires pursuant to the preceding sentences can change during the term ofthe
Loan. The insurance carrier providing the insurance shall be chosen by Borrower subject to Lender's right
to disapprove Borrower's choice, which right shall not be exercised unreasonably. Lender may require
Borrower to pay, in connection with this Loan, either: (a) a one~ti1ne charge for ilood zone determination,
certification and tracking services; or (b) a onetime charge for ilood zone determination and certification
services and subsequent charges each time remappings or similar changes occur which reasonably might
affect such determination or certification. Borrower shall also be responsible for the payment of any fees
imposed by the l*edcral Emergency Management Agency in connection with the review of any flood zone
determination resulting from an objection by Borrower.
lf Borrower fails to maintain any of the coverages described above, Lender may obtain insurance
coverage, at l,ender's option and lE1orrower's expense. Lender is under no obligation to purchase any
particular type or amount of coverage. Therefore, such coverage shall cover Lender, but might or might not
protect Borrower, Borrower's equity in the Property, or the contents of the Property. against any risk,
hazard or liability and might provide greater or lesser coverage than was previously in effect. Borrower
acknowledges that the cost of the insurance coverage so obtained might significantly exceed the cost of
insurance that Borrower could have obtained. Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this Section 5 shall
become additional debt of Borrower secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall hear interest at
the Note rate from the date of disbursement and shall be payable, with such interest, upon notice from
Lender to Borrower requesting payment.
All insurance policies required by Lender and renewals of such policies shall be subject to Lender's
right to disapprove such policies, shall include a standard mortgage clause, and shall name Lctrder as
mortgagee and/or as an additional loss payee. Lender shall have the right to hold the policies and renewal
certificates, ll` Lender requires, Borrower shall promptly give to Lender all receipts of paid premiums and
renewal notices. lf Borrower obtains any form of insurance coverage, not otherwise required by Lender, l`or
damage to, or destruction ol`, the Property, such policy shall include a standard mortgage clause and shall
name Lender as mortgagee and/or as an additional loss payee.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give prompt notice to the insurance carrier and Lender. Lender
may make proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrower. Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in
writing, any insurance proceeds, whether or not the underlying insurance was required by Lender, shall be
applied to restoration or repair of the Property, if the restoration or repair is economically feasible and
Lender's security is not lessened. During such repair and restoration period. Lender shall have the right to
hold such insurance proceeds until lender has had an opportunity to inspect such Property to ensure the
work has been completed to Lender's satisfaction, provided that such inspection shall be undertaken
promptly. Lender may disburse proceeds for the repairs and restoration in a single payment or in a series of
progress payments as the work is completed. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law
requires interest to be paid on such insurance proceeds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any
interest or earnings on such proceeds. l·`ecs for public adjusters, or other third parties, retained by Borrower
shall not be paid out of the insurance proceeds and shall be the sole obligation of Borrower. lf the restoration
or repair is not economically feasible or Lender's security would be lessened, the insurance proceeds shall be
applied to the sums secured by this Security instrument, whether or not then due, with the excess, if any,
paid to Borrower. Such insurance proceeds shall he applied in the order provided for in Section 2.
Il` Borrower abandons the Property, Lender may file, negotiate and settle any available insurance
claim and related matters. lf Borrower does not respond within 30 days to a notice from Lender that the
insurance carrier has offered to settle a claim, then Lender may negotiate and settle the claim. The 30-day
period will begin when the notice is given. ln either event, or if Lender acquires the Property under Section
22 or otherwise, Borrower hereby assigns to Lender (a) Borrower‘s rights to any insurance proceeds in an
amount not to exceed the amounts unpaid under the Note or this Security Instrument, and (b) any other ol`
Borrower's rights (other than the right to any refund of unearned premiums paid by Borrower) under all
insurance policies covering the Property, insofar as such rights are applicable to the coverage of the
Property. Lender may use the insurance proceeds either to repair or restore the Property or to pay amounts
unpaid under the Note or this Security instrument, whether or not then due.
6. Occupancy. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower's principal
residence within 60 days after the execution of this Security Instrument and shall continue to occupy the
Property as Borrower's principal residence for at least one year after the date of occupancy, unless Lender
otherwise agrees in writing, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, or unless extenuating
circumstances exist which are beyond l§orrower's control.
7. Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Inspections. Borrower shall not
destroy, damage or impair the Proper-ly, allow the Property to deteriorate or commit waste on the Property.
Whether or not Borrower is residing in the Property, Borrower shall maintain the Property in order to
prevent the Property from deteriorating or decreasing in value due to its condition. Unless it is determined
pursuant to Section 5 that repair or restoration is not economically feasible, Borrower shall promptly repair
the Property il` damaged to avoid further deterioration or damage. lf insurance or condemnation proceeds are
paid in connection with damage to, or the taking of, the Property, Borrower shall be responsible for
repairing or restoring the Property only if Lender has released proceeds for such purposes. Lender may
disburse proceeds for the repairs and restoration in a single payment or in a series of progress payments as
the work is completed. lf the insurance or condemnation proceeds are not sufficient to repair or restore the
Property, Borrower is Util relieved ol` i€¢orrower's obligation for the completion of such repair or restoration.
Lender or its agent may make reasonable entries upon and inspections of the Property. lf it has
reasonable cause, Lender may inspect the interior of the improvements on the Property. Lender shall give
Borrower notice at the time of or prior to such an interior inspection specifying such reasonable cause.
8. BOl`l`0W€l'|S Loan Application. Borrower shall be in default if, during the Loan application
process, Borrower or any persons or entities acting at the direction of Borrower or with Borrower’s
knowledge or consent gave materially false, misleading, or inaccurate information or statements to Lender
(or failed to provide Lender with material information) in connection with the Loan. Material representations
include, but are not limited to, representations concerning Borrower's occupancy of the Property as
Borrower`s principal residence.
WASHINGTON-—$ingle Fami|y——Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT A Foim 3048 )/DS1
Banker¤.Systerns. lm Sr Cloud, MN Form MEI 1vvA 8:21*2000 (pagr*4.·y9pages) _____Z (.  
31 12949
lllllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllllIllllllllllllIlllllll »-·· = ··· ~
00/23/2008 10:009
FIRHTI DT 66.00 Paottto ce. un

9. Protection of Lender's Interest in the Property and Rights Under this Security Instrument. lf
(:1) Borrower fails I0 perform thu crwcnailts and agrccmcms contained in this Security Iuslrumcrit, (b) there is
21 legal proceeding that might sig_uil`ican[Iy affect Lendcr's intcrcsl in thc Property arid/or rights under this
Security Instrument (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, prcbatc, for condemnation or forfeiture, for
enforcement of at lien which may attain priority 0ver this Security Instrument or to enforce laws or
regulations), or (c) Borrower has abandoned the Property, then Lender may do and pay for whatever is
reasonable or appropriate ro protect Lcr1der's interest iu thc Property and rights under this Security
Instrument, including protecting and/or assessing thc value 0f thc Propcny, and securing and/0r repairing the
Property. l.cr1dcr‘s actions can include, but are n0t limited t0: (21) paying any sums secured by a lieu which
has priority over this Security Instrument; (b) appearing in court; and (c) paying reasonable au0rucys' lives to
protect its interest in the Property and/or rights under this Security Instrurricrlt, including its secured position
in a bankruptcy proceeding. Securing the Property includes, but is ¤0r limited I0, culcring thc Property t0
mzikc repairs, change locks, replace 0r board up doors and windows, drain water from pipes, eliminate
building 0r other code violations or dangerous conditions, and have utilities turned on 0r off. Although
Lender may take action under this Section 9, Lender docs r10t have to du s0 and is not under any duty 0r
obligation ro do so. It is agreed that Lender incurs no liability for not raking any or all actions authorized
under this Section 9.
Any amounts disbursed hy Lender under this Section 9 shall become additional debt of Borrower
secured by this Security Irisrruriicm. 'lhcse amounts shall bear interest at thc Note rate from the date 0i`
disbursement and shall be payable, with such interest, upon notice from Lcndcr to Borrower requesting
zi IIICIII.
P y Il` this Security Instrument is on zi leasehold, Borrower shall comply with all thc provisions of thc
lease. If Iiorrowur acquires fcc title 10 thc Property, thc leasehold stud the fcc title shall r10l merge unless
Lender agrees to thc mcrgcr in writing.
10. Mortgage Insurance. Il`I..cn<1cr required Mortgage Insurance as at condition 0f making the Loan,
Borrower shall pay thc premiums required I0 maintain the Mortgage Insurance in effect. If, for any reason,
thc Mcmgagc Insurance coverage required by Lender ceases {0 be available from the mortgage insurer that
previously provided such insurzmcc and Borrower was required to make separately designated payments
inward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance, Borrower shall pay the premiums required to obtain coverage
substantially equivalent ro the Mortgage Insurance previously in effect, at 21 cost substantially equivalent to
thc cost to Borrower ui` thc Ixdtmgagc Iiisurancc previously in effect, from an alternate mortgage insurer
sclcctctl by Lender. If substeuitimly equivalent Mortgage Insurance coverage is not available, Borrower shall
continue to pay to Lender thc amount of the separately designated pziyrucnts that were duc when thc
insurance coverage ceased t0 be in effect. Lender will accept, use and retain these payments as zi
u0u—rct`uudahIc loss reserve in lieu 0f Mortgage Insurance. Such loss reserve shall be r10r1·rcfu11dablc,
notwithstanding the fact that tht: lmin is ultimately paid in full, and Lender shall not bc required to pay
Burmwcr any interest or earnings cm such l0ss reserve. Lender can no longer require loss reserve payments
if Mortgage Insurance coverage (in thc amount amd for the period that Lender requires) provided by an
insurer selected by Lender again becomes available, is obtained, and Lender requires separately designated
payments toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance. If Lender required Mortgage Insurance as 21
condition 0I` making the Loan and Borrower was required t0 make separately designated payments toward thc
premiums for Mortgage Insurznricc. Borrower shall pay thc premiums required lri maintain Mortgage
Insurance iu effect, or to provide ei uorucfuudable loss reserve, until I..c¤tlcr's requirement for Mortgage
Insurance ends in accordance with any written agreement between Borrower and Lender providing for such
termination or until termination is required by Applicable Law. Nothing in this Section l(J affects
Bc»rr0wcr‘s obligation to pay interest at the ratc provided in the Note.
Mongeigu Insurance rcimbursss Lender (or any entity that purchases thc Note) for certain losses it
may incur if Borrower docs not repay the Loan as agreed. Borrower is not zi party to the Mortgage
Iuxuraucc.
Mortgage: insurers evaluate their total risk on all such insurance in fcrcc from lime IO time, and may
cnrcr into zigrceruerlts with Other parties that share 0r modify their risk, or reduce losses. These agreements
are ull terms and conditions their are satisfactory to thc momgagc insurer and the other party (or panics) l0
these agreements. 'lhcsu ktgI`CClI1•L‘llI5 may require the mortgage insurer tri make payments using any source of
Iurids that the mortgage insurer may have available (which may iucludc funds obtained from Mortgage
Iusurzuicc premiums).
As a result ol these agrutzrricrils, Lender, any purchaser of thc Nora, another insurer, any rcinsurcr,
any other entity, 0r any affiliatc 0i` any of the foregoing, may receive (directly or indirectly) amounts that
derive from (0r might bc CI12lTHlJ[€I`I7.I3d as) 21 portion of B0rr0wcr's payments for Mcmgagc Insurance, in
exchange for sharing or rnodilj/ing the mortgage: i11surer's risk., or reducing losses. If such agreement
provides that an affiliate of Lender takes 21 share 0f iusurcr's risk in cxchzmgc f0r a sharc 0f thc premiums
paid ro the insurer, the arrangement is ·;>t`tcn termed "cagtivc rciusuraucc." Punlicrc
(21) Any such agreements will not affect t c amounts that Borrower has agreed to pay for
Mortgage Insurance, or any other terms of the Loan. Such agreements will not increase the amount
Borrower will owe for Mortgage Insurance, and they will not entitle Borrower to any refund.
(I1) Any such agreements will not affect the rights Borrower has--if any-·with respect to the
Mortgage Insurance under the Iiomeowners Protection Act of 1998 or any other aw. These rights may
include the ri ht to receive curtain disclosures, to request and obtain cancellation of the Mortgage
Insurantze, to Eave the Mortgage Irisaurance terminated automatically, and/or to receive a refund of any
Mortgage Insurance premiums that were unearned at the time of such cancellation or termination.
ll. Assignment of MISIJEIIRUIBOIIS Proceeds; Forfeiture. All Miscellaneous Proceeds are hereby
assigned to and shall be paid to Lender.
If the Property is dl-llI1?lgC‘d, such Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to restoration or repair of
thu Property, if thc restoration or repair is economically feasible and I..erider's security is um lessened,
During such repair and restoration period, Lender shall have the right I0 hold such Miscellaneous Proccccds
until I..cnder has had an oppomuiily t0 inspect such Property to ensure the work has been completed [0
Lcnclcr's satisfaclion, provided that such inspection shall be undertaken promptly. Lender may pay for the
repairs and restoration in zi single disbursement 0r in a series of progress payments as thc work is completed.
Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to bc paid on such Miscellaneous
Prcrtzuzzals. Lender shall not bc rcquircd IO pay Borrower any interest 0r earnings on such Miscellaneous
Prouzzeds. Ifrlie restoration or repair is riot economically feasible 0r Lcudcr's security would be lessened, the
Ivlisuullaricous Proceeds shall bc applied to thc sums secured by this Security Instrumcm, whether or not then
due, with the cxccss, if amy, paid lo Borrower. Such Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied iu tht: order
provided lor it1Scclin1i2.
Iii thc event of 21 total raking, destruction, or loss in valuc of thc Property, the Miscellaneous
Proceeds shall be applied [0 thc slums sccurcd by this Security lrnstrumcnt, wlicthcr or nor rhcu due, with the
excess, il` an , aid to Borrower.
y p. . _ , Form30 8,1/ 1
W/\SH|NGTON—SmgIc Fam1|y—-Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT / 5  
Bankers Sysrems, Inc., Sr Cloud. NIN Form MD 1-WA 8/21/2000 4]2(1g65··{f9puge.r) _/7 L
3 1 12949
06/23/2008 10:009
IIIIIIIIIIIIII »··· = = ·# =~
FIFIHTI DT 56.00 Pncillce Co. NR

ln the event of a partial taking, destruction, or loss in value ofthe Property itr which the fair market
value of thc property immediately bcl`ore the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value is equal to or greater
than the atnount of the sums secured hy this Security Instrument immediately before the partial taking,
destruction, or loss in value, unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing, tlte sums secured by
this Security Instrument shall be reduced by the amount ofthe Miscellaneous Proceeds multiplied by the
following fraction: (a) the total amount of the sums secured immediately before the partial taking,
destruction, or loss in value divided by (b) the fair market value ofthe Property immediately before the
partial taking, destruction, or loss. in value. Any balance shall be paid to Borrower.
In the event of a partial taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property in which the fair market
value of the Property immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value is less than the
amount of the sums secured imrnediatcly before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value, unless
Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing, the Miscellaneous lProceeds shall be applied to the sums
secured by this Security Instrument whether or not the sums are then due
lf the Property is abandoned by Borrower, or if, after notice by Lender to Borrower that the
Opposing Party (as defined in the next sentence) offers to make an award to settle a claim for damages,
Borrower fails to respond to Lender within 30 days after the date the notice is given, Lender is authorixed to
collect and apply the Miscellaneous Proceeds either to restoration or repair of the Property or to the sums
secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due. "Opposing Party" means the third party that
owes Borrower Miscellaneous Proceeds or the patty against whom Borrower has a right of action in regard
to Miscellaneous Proceeds.
Borrower shall be in default it` any action or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, is begun that, in
l.ender's judgment, could result in forfeiture of the Property or other material impairment of Lender's
interest in the Property or rights under this Security Instrument. Borrower can cure such a default and, if
acceleration has occurred, reinstate as provided in Section 19, by causing the action or proceeding to be
dismissed with a ruling that, in Lender‘s judgment, precludes forfeiture ofthe Property or other material
impairment of l.ender's interest in the Property or rights under this Security Instrument. The proceeds of
any award or claim for damages that are attributable to the impairment of l.,ender's interest in the Property
are hereby assigned and shall be paid to Lender.
All Miscellaneous Proceeds that are not applied to restoration or repair of the Property shall be
applied in the order provided for in Section 2.
12. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the tithe for
payment or modification of amortization ofthe sums secured by tltis Security Instrument granted by Lender
to Borrower or any Successor in Interest of Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of Borrower or
any Succcssors in Interest of Borrower. Lender shall not be required to conrmence proceedings against. any
Successor in interest of Borrower or to refuse to extend time for payment or otherwise modify amoniiation
ofthe sums secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any demand made by the original Borrower or
any Successors in Interest of Borrower. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any rigltt or remedy
including, without liirtitation, l.,t:ndcr's acceptance of payments from third persons, entities or Successors ir1
interest of Borrower or in amounts less than the amount then due, shall not be a waiver of or preclude the
exercise of any right or remedy.
13. Joint and Several Liability; C0-signers; Successors and Assigns Bound. Borrower covenants
and agrees that Borrower's obligations and liability shall be joint and several. However, any Borrower who
co-signs this Security Instrument but does not execute the Note (a "eo—signer"): (a) is co-signing this Security
Instrument only to mortgage, grant and convey the co—signer's interest in the Property under the lCI`ll'1S of tltis
Security Instrument; (b) is not personally obligated to pay the sums secured by this Security Instrument; and
(c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower can agree to extend, modify, forbear or make any
accommodations with regard to the terms of this Security instrument or the Note without the co—signer's
consent.
Subject to the provisions of Section 18, any Successor in Interest of Borrower who assumes
Borrowers obligations under this Security lnstrument in writing, and is approved by Lender, shall obtain all
of Borrower's rights and benefits under this Security Instrument. Borrower shall not be released from
Borrowers obligations and liability under this Security Instrument unless Lender agrees to such release in
writing. The covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument shall bind (except as provided it1 Section
20) and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender.
14. Loan Charges. Lender may charge Borrower fees for services performed in connection with
Borrower's default, for the purpose of protecting Lender’s interest in the Property and rights under tltis
Security Instrument, including, hut ttftl limited to, attorneys' fees, property inspection atrd valuation fees. ln
regard to any other fees, the absence of express authority in this Security Instrument to charge a specific fee
to Borrower shall not be construed as a prohibition on the charging of such fee. Lender may not charge fees
that are expressly prohibited by tltis Security Instrument or by Applicable Law.
lfthe Loan is subject to a law which sets maximum loan charges, and that law is finally interpreted so
that the interest or other loan charges collected or to be collected in connection with the Loan exceed the
permitted limits, then: (a) any such loan charge shall be reduced by the amount necessary to reduce the
charge to the permitted limit; and (b) any sums already collected front Borrower which exceeded permitted
lintits will be refunded to Borrower. Lender may cltoose to make tltis refund by reducing the principal owed
under the Note or by making a direct payment to Borrower. lf a refund reduces principal, the reduction will
be treated as a partial prepayment without any prepayment charge (whether or not a prepayment charge is
provided for under the Note). Borrower's acceptance of any such refund made by direct payment to
Borrower will constitute a waiver of any right of action Borrower might have arising out of such overcharge.
15. Notices. All notices given by Borrower or Lender in connection with this Security Instrument
must be in writing. Any notice to Borrower in connection with this Security Instrument shall be deemed to
have been given to Borrower when mailed by first class mail or when actually delivered to Borrower‘s notice
address if sent by other means. Notice to any one Borrower shall constitute notice to all Borrowers unless
Applicable Law expressly requires otherwise. The notice address shall be the Property Address unless
Borrower has designated a substitute notice address by notice to Lender. Borrower shall promptly notify
Lender of Borrower's change of address. lf Lender specifies a procedure for reporting Borrower's change of
address, then Borrower shall only report a change of address through that specified procedure. There may be
only one designated notice address utrder this Security Instrument at any otre time. Any notice to Lender
shall be given by delivering it or by mailing it by first class mail to l.ender's address stated herein unless
Lender has designated another address hy notice to Borrower. Any notice in connection with this Security
instrument shall not be deemed to have been given to Lender until actually received by Lender. lf any notice
required by this Security Instrument is also required under Applicable Law, the Applicable Law requirement
will satisfy thc corresponding reqtrirenrcnt under this Security Instrument.
WASHINGTON—~Sirtg|e Family—~Fanriie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM lNSTRlJMENT /   Form 3048 }2i
Bankers Systems, tr-ie , Sr Cloud, MN Farm MD1-WA 8/21:2000 (pa,t4e6n·f9pages) TZ ;4K________
31 12949
lllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »-·· t M ~
06/23/2008 10:00:1
FIRFITI DT 56.00 metric co. un

16. Governing Law; Severability; Rules of Construction. This Security Instrument shall be
governed by federal law and the law of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. All rights and
obligations contained in this Security Instrument are subject to any requirements and limitations of
Applicable Law. Applicable Law might explicitly or implicitly allow the parties to agree by contract or it
might be silent, but such silence shall not be construed as a prohibition against agreement by contract. ln the
event that any provision or clatise of this Security Instrument or the Note conflicts with Applicable l,aw,
such conlliet shall not affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or the Note which can be given
effect without the conflicting provision
As used in this Security instrument: (a) words of the masculine gender shall mean and include
corresponding neuter words or words of the feminine gender; (b) words in the singular shall mean and
include the plural and vice versa:. and (c) the word "may" gives sole discretion without any obligation to take
an action.
y 17. B0rr0wer's Copy. Borrower shall be given one copy ofthe Note and of this Security instrument.
18. Transfer of the Property or a Beneficial Interest in Borrower. As used in this Section 18,
"lnterest in the Property" means any legal or beneficial interest in the Property, including, but not limited to,
those beneficial interests transferred in a bond for deed, contract for deed, installment sales contract or
escrow agreement, the intent of which is the transfer of title by Borrower at a. future date to a purchaser.
lf all or any part of the Property or any Interest in the Property is sold or transferred (or if Borrower
is not a natural person and a beneficial interest in Borrower is sold or transferred) without Lender's prior
written consent, Lender may require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security
Instrument. llowever, this option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited by
Applicable Law.
lf Lender exercises this option, Lender shall give Borrower notice of acceleration. The notice shall
provide a period of not less than 30 days from the date the notice is given in accordance with Section 15
within which Borrower must pay all sums secured by this Security Instrument. lf Borrower fails to pay these
sums prior to the expiration of this period, Lender may invoke any remedies permitted by this Security
lnstrurnerit without further notice or demaird on Borrower.
19. Borrower's Right to Reinstate After Acceleration., lf Borrower meets certain conditions,
Borrower shall have the right to have enforcement of this Security instrument discontinued at any time prior
to the earliest of: (a) five days before sale of the Property pursuant to any power of sale contained in this
Security Instrument; (b) such other period as Applicable Law might specify for the termination of
Borrower's right to reinstate; or (c) entry of ajudgment enforcing this Security Instrument. Those conditions
are that Borrower: (a) pays Lender all sums which then would be due under this Security Instrument and the
Note as if no acceleration had occurred; fb) cures any default of any other covenants or agreements; (c) pays
all expenses incurred in enforcing this Security ttstrutnent, including, but not limited lo, reasonable
attorneys' fees, property inspection and valuation fees, and other fees incurred for the purpose of protecting
l,cndcr's interest in the Property and rights under this Security instrument; and (d) takes such action as
Lender may reasonably require to assure that Lender's interest in the Property and rights under this Security
Instrument, and Borrower‘s obligation to pay the sums secured by this Security Instrument, shall continue
unchanged. Lender may require that Borrower pay such reinstatement sums and expenses in one or more of
the following forms, as selected by Lender: (a) cash; (b) money order; (tz) certified check, bank check,
treasurer‘s check or cashier's check, provided any such check is drawn upon an institution whose deposits
are insured by a federal agency, instrumentality or entity; or (d) Electronic Funds Transfer. Upon
reinstatement by Borrower, this Security Instrument and obligations secured hereby shall rernairr fully
effective as if no acceleration had occurred. However, this right to reinstate shall not apply in the ease of
acceleration under Section 18.
20. Sale of Note; Change of Loan Servicer; Notice of Grievance. The Note or a partial interest in
the Note (together with this Security Instrument) can be sold one or more times without prior notice to
Borrower. A sale might result in a change inthe entity (known as the "Loan Servicer") that collects Periodic
Payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument and performs other mortgage loan servicing
obligations under the Note, this Security Instrument, and Applicable Law. There also might be one or more
changes of the Loan Servicer unrelated to a sale of the Note. lf there is a change of the Loan Servicer,
Borrower will be given written notice of the change which will state the name and address of the new Loan
Servicer, the address to which payments should be made and any other information RESPA requires in
connection with a notice of transfer of servicing. lf the Note is sold and thereafter the Loan is serviced by a
Loan Servicer other than the purchaser of the Note, the mortgage loan servicing obligations to Borrower will
reinain with the loan Servicer or he transferred to a successor Loan Servicer and are not assumed by the
Note purchaser unless otherwise provided by the Note purchaser.
Neither Borrower l10f Lender may commence, join, or be joined to any judicial action (as either an
individual litigant or the member of a class) that arises from the other party’s actions pursuant to this
Security instrument or that alleges that the other party has breached any provision of, or any duty owed by
reason of, this Security instrument, until such Borrower or Lender has notified the other party (with such
notice given in compliance with the requirements of Section 15) of such alleged breach and afforded the
other party hereto a reasonable period after the giving of such notice to take corrective action. lf Applicable
Law provides a time period which must elapse before certain action can be taken, that time period will be
deemed to be reasonable for purposes of this paragraph. The notice of acceleration and opportunity to cure
given to Borrower pursuant to Section 22 and the notice of acceleration given to Borrower pursuant to
geetion ig; shall be deemed to satisfy the notice and opportunity to take corrective action provisions of this
cotton ,
21. Hazardous Substances. As used in this Section 21: (a) "llaxcardous Substances" are those
substances defined as toxic or hazardous substances, pollutants, or wastes by Environmental Law and the
following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or toxic petroleum products, toxic pesticides and
herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or formaldehyde, and radioactive materials; (b)
"linvironmental law" means ferleral laws and laws of the jurisdiction where the Property is located that
relate to health, safety or environmental protection; (c) "Environmental Cleanup" includes any response
action, remedial action, or rentoval action, as defined in Envirorrrnental Law; and (d) an "Environmental
(Condition" means a condition that can cause, contribute to, or otherwise trigger an Environmental Cleanup.
Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or release of any Hazardous
Substances, or threaten to release any I-[azardous Substances, on or in the Property. Borrower shall not do,
nor allow anyone else to do, anything affecting the Property (a) that is in violation of any linvironrnental
Law. (b) which creates an Environmental Condition, or (c) which, due to the presence, use, or release of a
llazardous Substance, creates a condition that adversely affects the value of the Property. The preceding two
sentences shall not apply to the presencet use, or storage on the Property ol small quantities of llazardous
Substances that are generally recognized to be appropriate to rtorrnal residential uses and to maintenance of
the Property (including, but not limited to. hazardous substances in consumer products).
WASHlNGTON——Sing|e Family/—Fanrtie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT ·»   Form 304 1
Banrsrs Sysrams,|or:,31 Cloud, MN Form MD 1WA 25i2l=2000 (/Ml/ec 7t»ff9p(1,&’€»Y}   ,
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 3**29*9
P•g•: 7 {
FIRHTI   05/23/2 ° 14
DT 5S.0¤ Pacific gcgauéolo n

Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of (a) any investigation, claim, demand, lawsuit
or other action by any governmental or regulatory agency or private pany involving the Property and any
Hazardous Substance or linvironutental Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge, (b) any
Envtrortmental Condition, including but not limited to, any spilling, leaking, discharge, release or threat of
release oi` any Hazardous Substance. and (c) any condition caused by the presence, use or release of a
llazardous Substance which adversely affects the value ofthe Property. If Borrower learns, or is notified by
any governmental or regulatory authority, or any private party, that any removal or other remediation of any
Hazardous Substance affecting the Property is necessary, Borrower shall promptly take all necessary
remedial actions in accordance with Environmental Law. Nothing herein shall create any obligation on
Lender for an Environmental Cleanup.
NON—UNlFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
22. Acceleration; Remedies. Lender shall give notice to Borrower prior to acceleration following
B0rrower's breach ol` any covenant or agreement in this {Security Instrument (but not prior to
acceleration under Section 18 unless Applicable Law provides otherwise). The notice shall specify: (a)
the default; (b) the action required to cure the default; (c) a date, not less than 30 tlays from the date
the notice is given to Borrower, by which the default must be cured; and (d) that failure to cure the
default on or before the date specified in the notice may result: in acceleration of the sums secured by
this Security Instrument and sale of the Property at public auction at a date not less than 120 days in
the future. The notice shall l`urthe1t· inform Borrower of the right to reinstate after acceleration, the
right to bring a court action to assert the non-existence of a default or any other defense of Borrower to
acceleration and sale, and any other matters required to be included in the notice by Applicable Law.
If the default is not cured on or before the date specified in the notice, Lender at its option, may
require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument without further
demand and may invoke the power of sale and/or any other remedies permitted by Applicable Law.
Lender shall be entitled to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided in this
Section 22, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of title evidence.
If Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall give written notice to Trustee of the
occurrence of an event of default and of Lender‘s election to cause the Property to be sold. Trustee and
Lender shall take such action regarding notice of sale and shall give such notices to Borrower and to
other persons as Applicable Law may require. After the time required by Applicable Law and after
publication of the notice of sale, ’[`rustee, without demand on Borrower, shall sell the Property at
public auction to the highest bidder at the time and place and under the terms designated in the notice
of sale in one or more parcels and in any order Trustee determines. Trustee may postpone sale of the
Property for a period or periods permitted by Applicable Law by public announcement at the time and
place lixed in the notice of sale. Lender or its designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee’s deed conveying the Property without any
covenant or warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the 'l`rustee’s deed shall be prima facie
evidence ol` the truth of the statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the
following order: (21) to all expenses of the sale, including, but not limited to, reasonable Trustee’s and
atto1·neys' fees; (b) to all sums secttred by this Security Instrument; and lc) any excess to the person or
persons legally entitled to it or to the clerk of the superior court of the county in which the sale took
place.
23. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, I.ender shall
request Trustee to reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security Instrument and all notes
evidencing debt secured by this Security Instrument to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the Property without
warranty to tlte person or persons legally entitled to it. Such person or persons shall pay any recordation
costs and the Trustee’s fee for preparing the reconveyance.
24. Substitute Trustee. In accordance with Applicable Law, Lender 1nay from time to time appoint a
successor trustee to any Trustee appointed hereunder who has ceased to act. Without conveyance of the
Property, the successor trustee shall succeed to all the title, power and duties conterretl upon Trustee herein
and by Applicable Law.
25. Use of Property. The Property is not used principally for agricultural purposes.
26. Att0rneys‘ Fees. Lender shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorncys' fees and costs in
any action or proceeding to construe or enforce any term of this Security Instrument. The temt "attorneys'
fees," whenever used in this Security Instrument, shall include without limitation attorneys fees incurred by
Lender in any bankruptcy proceeding or on appeal.
ORAL AGREEMENTS OR ORAL COMMITMENTS TO LOAN MONEY, EXTEND
CREDIT, OR TO FORBEAR FROM ENFORCING REPAYMENT OF A DEBT ARE
NOT ENFORCEABLE UN DER WASHINGTON LAW.
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the temts and covenants contained in this
Security Instrument and in any Rider executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
w
- Z
.. ,...... . ....,...... 1. ................................ (Seal)
{ ‘... .z·#‘r(  ·.rl   ................... (seat)
KAR L L 5/ —Borrower
WASHINGTON—Strtg|e Family-Fannie Mate/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT Form 3048 1/01
Bankers Systems, Inc , St Cloud, MN Form MD 'I~WA 13-‘2‘|'2000 (page? 80f9pt1gt’.l’}
3 1 1 2949
06/23/2008 10:00R
lllllllllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllll »-·· l =·r ~·
Fmmr pr 56.00 Pnottlc co, HR

  [Space Below This Line For Acknowledgment]  
ST/\'|`}i OF WASHINGTON, PAlIlE|C 4,i,..,...........,..........,..... County ss:
On this JQTH. ,.....,............4............... day of JU.NE,2UUB ......,................,.............,..,....,..,.., ,
personally appeared before me $T.EVEll|.H.LAZELLE;KAREN.L..L/lZELLfe.HU.SElAND.AND WIEE ..........................,,t,.4..,..
.....4.....4..4.....,,......4.........,..... . ................................., the signer(s) of the above instrument, who
duly acknowledged to me that helshelthey executed the seune.
My Commission expires: 9 `
    g
  Ll{~§{`:.1.   ,;;{ii§i_,,f;i_§ ,’ ....i...................   . ........   ..................s...................,..,,,
   jpg.   gp   (Notary Pu lic i nd for the State of Washington, residing at
FZ zatt sw t‘.·r,Si::r·t<;*}`~ l§iNUA’$· JERLES
gé ;C>rtiMrt;:is•·Q  t»Ext‘~strt`&; llAYMC¤ND..WA ..........................,.,.......,.,.,..,......................,......... . )
ji .‘Li Y   }?C=O$f tg
RiEiQUES'1` FOR ECONVEYANCIZ
TO TRUSTEE:
The undersigned is the holder of the note or notes secured by this Deed of Trust. Said note or notes,
together with all other indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust, have been paid in 1`ull. You are hereby
directed to cancel said note or notes and this Deed of Trust, which are delivered hereby, and to reconvey,
without warranty, all the estate now held by you under this Deed of Trust to the person or persons legally
entitled thereto.
l-)ate: ........................................... . ................................................. . ............r...,......,.
wnstiiucrori-sangie Famtly—Fannie wiztexmaare Mac uiiiromvt insrautvizm I { F°'"‘ 3048 Q"!
Bankers Systems, ln; ,51. Cloud, MN Form MD-1-WA -3!21’2000 (page 9 rg'9pages) Q __  
(J .
IlllliIllllllilililllilllillllilliilIllllillllll »··· t M ~
08/23/2008 10:009
FIRHTI DT 56.00 Pacific Co. HR

(Assignment of Rents)
THIS 1-4 FAMILY RIDER is made this 19TH day of JUNE, 2008 ,
and is incorporated into and shall be deemed to amend and supplement the Mortgage, Deed
of Trust, or Security Deed (the "Security Instrument") of the same date given by the
undersigned {the "Borrower") to secure Borrower's Note to RAYMOND FEDERAL BANK, 202
DURYEA STREET, P.U. BOX 271, HAYIVZUND, WA 98577
lthe
"Lender") of the same date and covering the Property described in the Security Instrument
and located atr 534 OSTIVIAN HUAD, RAYMOND, WA 98577
[Property Address]
1-4 FAMILY COVENANTS. In addition to the covenants and agreements made in the
Security Instrument, Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
A. ADDITIONAL PROPERTY SUBJECT T0 THE SECURITY INSTRUMENT. In addition to
the Property described in the Security Instrument, the following items now or hereafter
attached to the Property to the extent they are fixtures are added to the Property description,
and shall also constitute the Property covered by the Security Instrument: building materials,
appliances and goods of every nature whatsoever now or hereafter located in, on, or used, or
intended to be used in connection with the Property, including, but not limited to, those for
the purposes of supplying or distributing heating, cooling, electricity, gas, water, air and light,
fire prevention and extinguishing apparatus, security and access control apparatus, plumbing,
bath tubs, water heaters, water closets, sinks, ranges, stoves, refrigerators, dishwashers,
disposals, washers, dryers, awnings, storm windows, storm doors, screens, blinds, shades,
curtains and curtain rods, attached mirrors, cabinets, paneling and attached floor coverings,
all of which, including replacements and additions thereto, shall be deemed to be and remain
a part of the Property covered by the Security Instrument. All of the foregoing together with
the Property described in the Security Instrument (or the leasehold estate if the Security
Instrument is on a leasehold) are referred to in this 1-4 Family Rider and the Security
Instrument as the "Property."
B. USE OF PROPERTY; COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. Borrower shall not seek, agree to or
make a change in the use of the Property or its zoning classification, unless Lender has
agreed in writing to the change. Borrower shall comply with all laws, ordinances, regulations
and requirements of any governmental body applicable to the Property.
C. SUBORDINATE LIENS. Except as permitted by federal law, Borrower shall not allow
any lien inferior to the Security Instrument to be perfected against the Property without
Lender‘s prior written permission.
D. RENT LOSS INSURANCE. Borrower shall maintain insurance against rent loss in
addition to the other hazards for which insurance is required by Section 5.
MULTISTATE 1- 4 FAMILY RIDER · Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
Form 3170 1/01
@-)-5712 io41il . _
Page I of 3 lnitialscé L,
\/MP Mortgage Solutions, Inc. e_I
l800l521—7291
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll   ·» ~· ···
06/23/2008 10:0%
FIRMTI DT 66.00 metric co. un

E. "BORROWER‘S RIGHT T0 RElNSTATE" DELETED. Section 19 is deleted.
F. BORROWER‘S OCCUPANCY. Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing,
Section 6 concerning Borrower's occupancy of the Property is deleted.
G. ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES. Upon Lender`s request after default, Borrower shall assign
to Lender all leases of the Property and all security deposits made in connection with leases
of the Property. Upon the assignment, Lender shall have the right to modify, extend or
terminate the existing leases and to execute new leases, in Lender's sole discretion. As used
in this paragraph G, the word "Iease" shall mean "sublease" if the Security Instrument is on a
leasehold.
H. ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS; APPOINTMENT OF RECEIVER; LENDER IN POSSESSION.
Borrower absolutely and unconditionally assigns and transfers to Lender all the rents and
revenues ("Rents") of the Property, regardless of to whom the Rents of the Property are
payable. Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender's agents to collect the Rents, and agrees that
each tenant of the Property shall pay the Rents to Lender or Lender's agents. However,
Borrower shall receive the Rents until: (i) Lender has given Borrower notice of default
pursuant to Section 22 of the Security Instrument, and (ii) Lender has given notice to the
tenantlsl that the Rents are to be paid to Lender or Lender's agent. This assignment of Rents
constitutes an absolute assignment and not an assignment for additional security only.
lf Lender gives notice of default to Borrower: (il all Rents received by Borrower shall be
held by Borrower as trustee for the benefit of Lender only, to be applied to the sums secured
by the Security Instrument; Iii) L.ender shall be entitled to collect and receive all of the Rents
of the Property; (iii) Borrower agrees that each tenant of the Property shall pay all Rents due
and unpaid to Lender or Lender's agents upon Lender's written demand to the tenant; (iv)
unless applicable law provides otherwise, all Rents collected by Lender or Lender's agents
shall be applied first to the costs of taking control of and m.anaging the Property and
collecting the Rents, including, but not limited to, attorney's fees, receiver's fees, premiums
on receiver's bonds, repair and maintenance costs, insurance premiums, taxes, assessments
and other charges on the Property, and then to the sums secured by the Security Instrument;
lv) Lender, Lender's agents or any judicially appointed receiver shall be liable to account for
only those Rents actually received; and (vi) Lender shall be entitled to have a receiver
appointed to take possession of and manage the Property and collect the Rents and profits
derived from the Property without any showing as to t;he inadequacy of the Property as
security.
If the Rents of the Property are not sufficient to cover the costs of taking control of and
managing the Property and of collecting the Rents any funds expended by L.ender for such
purposes shall become indebtedness of Borrower to Lender secured by the Security
Instrument pursuant to Section 9.
Borrower represents and warrants that Borrower has not executed any prior assignment
of the Rents and has not performed, and will not perform, any acct that would prevent Lender
from exercising its rights under this paragraph.
Lender, or Lender's agents or a judicially appointed receiver, shall not be required to enter
upon, take control of or maintain the Property before or after giving notice of default to
Borrower. However, Lender, or Lender's agents or a judicially appointed receiver, may do so
at any time when a default occurs. Any application of Rents shall not cure or waive any
default or invalidate any other right or remedy of Lender. This assignment of Rents of the
Property shall terminate when all the sums secured by the Security Instrument are paid in full.
I. CROSS·DEFAULT PROVISION. Borrower‘s default or breach under any note or
agreement in which Lender has an interest shall be a breach under the Security Instrument
and Lender may invoke any of the remedies permitted by the Security Instrument.
.. //
Initials: QC <4 \
Q-·57R (OM I) Page 2 of 3 Form 3170 1/O1
H ‘ 3112949
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll:%;,:1·* ··
08 :
F"”" DT sem Pacific ca. asia Wn

BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained
in this 1-4 Family Bi r. /
/ / /r ,·,
|/ /   /.**4
_ __ _; {Seal) A     ·¢   /4 ’ l #6;; (Seal)
___;_____________ (Seal) _;_____,_A,______________ (Seal)
~Borrower -Borr0wer
_____________,___»______ (Seal) ,__________,_________ __ (Seal)
-B0rrower —Borrower
@9—57R (0411) Page 3 of 3 Form 3170 1/01
lllllllllll 3**29*9
Z3f¤'53¤$$¤°' *4
FI“”" DT sem n•¤mr> c¤, uéolom

PAYMENT RIDER
rms PAYMENT mores is made this .l.9Ill ............ day of .JlINE?t.20.U8 ...,................. and is
incorporated into and shall be deemed to amend and supplement the Mortgage, Deed of
Trust, or Security Deed (the "Security Instrument") of the same date given by the
undersigned l"the Borrower") to secure Borrower‘s Note to ...BI;IlIIIlIIIIlII7.EIE.[lE.IIIIIT.I3lIIlI.II·.ZUZ ........
Dll llYl€.·I.$IB.EEI.. Rl); BQX. 2.7.l,. lillXlI/IQIIID. Wil. .9§I5Z? .................,................................................
...,.......4......,..................,.....,, . ............................................................. ("the Lender") of
the same date and coverin the 'pro erty described in the Security Instrument and located at:
.I?§l‘l. U.$Ill’llI.N. HUPIUJ. INI/lU.NIl(I lllll. .48.577 ..,.................................4.............................,.......
[Property Address]
ADDITIONAL COVENANTS. In addition to the covenants and agreements made in the
Security Instrument, Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
A. PERIODIC PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST
The Note provides for periodic payments of principal and interest as follows:
3. PAYMENTS
IA) Periodic Payments
I will pay principal and interest by making periodic payments when scheduled:
I] I will make ................,......... payments of $ ............................,..............r............
each on the ....................................,.............................................,..................,.l....
of each .......................,..........................................................................................
.......................................,.. beginning on ............l................................................ .
lXl I will make payments as follows:
I80 MONTHLY PAYMENTS OF $878.97 BEGINNING 08-8I·2U[|8.
I] In addition to the paynaents described above, I will pay a "Balloon Payment" of
$ ..................,............. on .,...................................................... . The Note Holder
will deliver or mail to me notice prior to maturity that the Balloon Payment is due. This
notice will state the Balloon Payment amount and the date that it is due.
IB) Maturity Date and Place of Payments
l will make these payments as scheduled until I have paid all of the principal and interest
and any other charges described below that I may owe under this Note. My periodic
payments will be applied to interest before Principal. lf, on   ..............................,. ,
I still owe amounts under this Note, I will pay those amounts in lull on that date, which is
called the "Maturity Date."
I will make my periodic payments at   ..................,.
..............,....., . ........................,......... or at a different place if required by the Note Holder.
MUl.T|PURPOSE FIXED RATE PAYMENT RIDER IMULTISTATEI />/:
Bankers Systems, Inc., St. Cloud, l\/IN Form IVIPPR-PR 6/I5/2004 (J 7IY-<
ref: MPPR—MN {page I of 2 pages} _7 7_ _(_
31 12949
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII||||I|IIll||I||l|||||I|II|I|I »-·· = 13 ·· ~·
08/23/2008 10:00A
FIRHTJI DT 56.00 Pacino co. un

[J B. FUNDS FOR TAXES AND INSURANCE
Uniform Covenant 3 of the Security Instrument is waived by Lender.
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained
in this Payment Rider. D /.7"
/;Q?
.   ..d ..................................,...... (Seal)
 I.I.E -B0rrovver
7
. /
.  , ..   ."   ..................... (Seal)
A - 56   —Borrovver
Bankers Systems, Inc., St. Cloud, I\/IN Form I\/IPFR—PR 6/I5/2004 {page 2 0f 2 pages}
P : 14 ¤
IIIIIIIIIII “ `2°4?··
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII .:::3. ziii  
Fmnn DT 56.00 Pacific: Cc. H9

