RETURN ADDRESS:
JPMorgan Chase Bank,
N.A.
710 Kansas Lane,
LA4—2022
Monroe, LA 71203
DEED OF TRUST
DATE: June 10, 2008
Reference # (If applicable): _____ ________ Additional on page _ W _
Grantorlslz
1. THE BUSCHER FAMILY TRUST, DATED: MAY 14, 2002
2. BUSCHER, MICHAEL EDWARD
3. BUSCHER, LAURIE A
Granteelsl
1. JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA
2. WA Stewart Title Company of Washington, Trustee
Legal Description: TAX 62 1*5-11-11; TIDELANDS
Additional on page  
Assessors Tax Parcel lD#: 11111542062 11111555529
MAXIMUM LIEN. The lien of this Deed of Trust shall not exceed at any one time $100,000.00
THIS DEED OF TRUST is dated June 10, 2008, among MICHAEL EDWARD BUSCHER and
LAURIE A BUSCHER, as Trustees on behalf of THE BUSCHER FAMILY TRUST, DATED: MAY
14, 2002, whose address is 18716 SANDRIDGE RD, LONG BEACH, WA 98631; and
MICHAEL EDWARD BUSCHEIR, whose address is 18716 SANDRIDGE RD, LONG BEACH, WA
98631; LAURIE A BUSCHER, whose address is 18716 SANDRIDGE ROAD, LONG BEACH, WA
98631 l"Grantor"l; JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA, whose mailing address is Home Equity Lending
Division, 1111 Polaris Parkway, Columbus, OH 43240 (referred to below sometimes as
"Lender" and sometimes as "Beneficiary"); and WA Stewart Title Company of Washington,
whose mailing address iss 1980 Post Oak Blvd, Suite 300, Houston, TX 77056 (referred to
below as "Trustee"I.
5355036+1 O042495000OO47
BUSCHER, MICHAEL
DEED OF TRUST/MORTGAGE
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »··· = ~· ~
06/23/2008 01:179
CHRSE DT 52.00 Paolflc Co, H9 \

DEED OF TRUST Page 2
Loan N0: 42495000OO47 (Continued)
CONVEYANCE AND GRANT. For valuable consideration, Grantor conveys to Trustee in trust with power of sale, right
of entry and possession and for the benefit of Lender as Beneficiary, all ol G·eintor`s right, title, and interest in and to
the following described reel property, together with all existing or subsequently erected or affixed liuilnings,
improvements and fixtures; all easements, rights of vvay, and appurtenances all vvater. vvater rights and ditch rights
(including stock in utilities with ditch or irrigation rrghtsl; and all other rrgh.s, royalties, élD(! profits relating to tho real
property, including without lirnitaticrr all minerals, oil, gas, geothermal md srrnilar matters, (the "Real Property")
located in PACIFIC County, State of Washington:
PARCEL 1: BEGINNING AT A POINT ON THE EASTERLY LINE OF PENINSULA HIGHWAY
SOUTH 8 DEG _481` 35" EAST 370.92 FEET FROM WHERE THE NORTH LINE OF
GOVERNMENT LOT 6 OF SECTION 15, TOWNSHIP 11 NORTH, RANGE 11 WEST OF
W.M., PACIFIC COUNTY, STATE OF WASHINGTON, INTERSECTS SAID EASTERLY RIGHT
OF WAY LINE; THENCE SOUTH 86 DEG 57' EAST 640 FEET, MORE OR LESS, TO LINE OF
ORDINARY HIGH TIDE OF WILLAPA BAY; THENCE SOUTHERLY ALONG SAID LINE OF
ORDINARY HIGH TIDE 354 FEET, MORE OR LESS. TO AN INTERSECTION WITH AN
EXISTING FENCE LINE; `THENCE WESTERLY ALONG SAID FENCE LINE 690 FEET, MORE
OR LESS, TO AN INTERSECTION WITH SAID EA.STERLY RIGHT OF WAY LINE; THENCE
NORTH 8 DEG 48' 35" WEST 354.70 FEET TO THE PLACE OF BEGINNING. PARCEL 2:
TIDELANDS OF THE SECOND CLASS AS CONVEYED·BY THE STATE OF WASHINGTON
SITUATE IN FROM OF GOVERNMENT LOT 6 IN SECTION 15, TOWNSHIP 11 NORTH,
RANGE 11 WEST OF W.M., PACIFIC COUNTY, WASHINGTON, LYING WEST OF THE
WESTERLY LINE OF A TRACT OF TIDELANDS CONVEYED FOR THE CULTIVATION OF
OYSTERS PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF CHAPTER 24, SESSION LAWS OF 1895
TO CHARLES J PETERSON, THROUGH DEEED ISSUED JULY 8, 1931, UNDER
APPLICATION NO. 9319, NORTH OF A LINE RUNNING PARALLEEL WITH AND 3.93
CHAINS NORTH OF THE SOUTH LINE OF SAID PETERSON OYSTER TRACT PRODUCED
WEST AND SOUTH OF A LINE RUNNING PARALLEL WITH AND 394.29 FEET SOUTH OF
THE NORTH LINE OF SAID GOVERNMENT LOT 6, PRODUCED EAST, HAVING A
FRONTAGE OF 4.52 CHAINS, MORE OR LESS. TAX ID: ‘Il111542062, TAX ID:
H111555529.
The Real Property or its address is commonly known as 18716 SANDRIDGE ROAD, LONG
BEACH, WA 98631. The Real Property tax identification number is 1111‘l542062
11 1 1 1555529.
REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT. Specifically, in addition to the amounts specified in the Indebtedness definition, and
without limitation, this Deed of Trust: secures a revolving line of credinwith zi variable rate of interest, which obligzites
Lender to make advances to Eiorrovirer up to the credit limit so long as Borrower complies with all the terms of the
Credit Agreement and the line of credit has not been terminated, suspended or cancelled: the Credit Agreement allows
negative amortization. Such advances may be made, repaid, and remade from time to time, subject to the limitation
that the total outstanding balance owing at any one time, not including finance charges on such balance at a fixed or
variable rate or sum as provided in the Credit Agreement, any temporary overages, other charges, and any amounts
expended or advanced as provided in either the Indebtedness paragraph or this paragraph, shall not exceed the Credit
Limit as provided in the Credit Agreement. It is the intention of Grantor and Lender that this Deed of Trust secures the
balance outstanding under the Credit Agreement from time to time from zero up to the Credit Limit as provided in this
Deed of Trust and any intermediate balance. Funds may be advanced by Lender, repaid, and subsequently readvantzed.
The unpaid balance of the revolving line of credit may at certain times be lower than the amount shown or zero. A zero
balance does not terminate the line of credit or terminate Lender's obligation to advance funds to Borrower. Therefore,
the lien of this Deed of Trust will remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any zero balance.
Grantor hereby assigns as security to Lender, all of Grantor's right, title, and interest in and to all lenses Flents, zmrl
profits of the Property. This ossigrment is recorded in accordance with FlC‘.!V 65.08.070; the lrerr created by lhs
assignment is intended to be specific. perfected and choate upon the recording of this Deed of Trust. Lender grants; to
Grantor a license to collect the Rents and profits, which license may oe revoked at .ender's option and shall be
automatically revoked upon acceleration of all or part of the Indebtedness;.
THIS DEED OF TRUST, INCLUDING THE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE RENTS AND
PERSONAL PROPERTY, IS GIVEEN TO SECURE (A) PAYMENT OF THE INDEBTEDNESS AND lBl PERFORMANCE OF
EACH OF GRANTOR'S AGREEMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, THE RELATED
DOCUMENTS, AND THIS DEED OF TRUST. THIS DEED OF TRUST IS GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE FOLLOWING
TERMS: .
GRANTOFVS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Grantor warrants that: la) this Deed of Trust is exeuoteo tri
Borrovver's request and not at the request of Lender; (bl Grantor has the full power, right, and authority to enter into
this Deed of Trust and to hypothocrire the Property; (cl the provisrons ol this Deed of "`rust do not rgonflrot with, or
result in a default under any agreeinezit or other instrument binding upon Grantor and do r ot result in aa violation of e·ri·»x
Iavv, regulation, court decree or order applicable to Grantor; ld) Grantor has established adequate means ot obtarnini;
from Borrower on a continuing basis information about Borrovver‘s finzrnoial condition; and (el Lender has made no
representation to Grantor about Borrower (including without limitation the cretlitvsorthiness ol Borrowers
GRANTOR'S WAIVERS. Grantor waives all rights or defenses arising by reason ·>l any "one at tion" or "anti-defi<;rent;v'
law, or any other Iavv which rnay prevent Lender from bringing any ar tron against Grantor, including a claim for
deficiency to the extent Lender s otherwise entitled to a claim for deficiency, before or alter Lender's rzommencermrnr
or completion cf any foreclosure action, either judicially or by exercise of a r:rov.re· of sale.
PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. Extept as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust, Borrower shall pay to Lender trl
Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust as it becomes due, and Borrower and Grantor shal strictly perform all their
respective obligations under the Credit Agreement, this Deed of Trust, and the Related Doo-Jments.
POSSESSION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE PROPERTY. Borrower and Cirarto»‘ agree that Elorrovvers and Grantois
possession and use ofthe Property shall be governed by the following provisions:
lllllll lllll llll llllll lllll lllllll lllll lll lllll llll llll my ~ »
CHA I /2008 01:17P
SE DT 52.0  Paotfic ca, up

DEED OF TRUST Page 3
Loan N0: 42495000OO47 (Continued)
Possession and Use. Urtnl me oetzurrence of an Event of Default, Grantor may (Il remain tn pt·s>ess¤on ant!
c0ntr0l of the Property; (2) use, operate or manage the Property; and (3) c0||e<_:t the Rents from the Pr<>per1y
(this privilege is a license from Lender to Grantor automatically revoked upon default). The following pruvuztune
relate tu the use of the Property or t0 other limitations nn the Property The Real i°r0perty is not user! princnetily
for agricultural purposes.
Duty to Maintain. Grantor shall maintarn the Property an good uoncimcn and promptly perform all regmrts,
replacements, and mainte·wam;e necessary to preserve its value,
Compliance With Environmental Laws. Grantor represents and warrants; we Lender {har {11 Dunng tl·c perm! or
Grant0r':; ownership of the Property, there has been no use, gcneratron, manufacturu, storage, treatment, disp·;>s.tI.
release ctr threatened release 0f anv Hazardous Substance by any nersor on, under, snout nr from the Property:
(2) Grantor has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that there me been. except as previously di:=;¤:l0se<l tn and
acknowledged by Lender tn ·v ».·- rmng, (:1) any breach or vtolatnnn of any Environmental Len/vs, im any uw,
generation, manufacture, storage, treatment. disposal, release or tnre:+;cr·ed release 01 any I—In4arduus, Subsmntzez
0n, under, about or from the Property by any prior owners or ut;t;upa,·1ts 0f the Puperty, nr tcl any aetusnl nr
threatened litigation Or claims nf any kind by any person relamng to such matters; and (3) Except as previously
disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, (a) nenthor Grantor nur any teram, comractor, agent or other
authorized user of the Property shall use, generate, manufacture, s;tt`·rc, treat, dispose nf nr release any Hazardous
Substance 0n, under, about or from the Property; and (b) any such zactnvily shall be n:0n<1uct<>t| in cornpliance ·xv·tn
all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations and <>rrhna»nces, including without limitation all
Environmental Laws. Grantor authorizes Lender and ns agents to ewter upon the Property tc: make :;.u:;h
inspections and tests, at Gr;¤ntc>r‘s expense, as Lender may decrr appmprnate to tletermtne uumplmncsz of the
Property with this sectton of the Deed of Trust. Any mspections <>r msls made by Lender shall he for Lenritws
purposes only and shall not bc txonstrued tu create any responsibilny or liability 0n the part nt Lender to Grantor nr
t0 any other person. The representations and warranties uontatned lnemir are based un Grantnrs clue rhligentxe II`I
investigating the Property for Hazardous Substances. Grantor lwerebv Z1) releases and Watt/as any tuture clmms
against Lender for indemnity nr contribution in the event Grantor bet:t>me» Mable for azleanup or other costs u·1<1u¤
any such laws; and (2) agrees t0 indemnify and hold harmless Lender against any and all clarrns losses, Irabnltnes,
damages, penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly ur indirectly sustarn or suf··er resulting f·0m at lnrtzzam
of this section 0f the Detect 01 Trust 0r as a consequence 0f any uso, generation, manufacture, storage, disrsmxsnl,
release or threatened release occurring prior t0 Gram0r's ownership ctr Interest in the Property, whether or not the
same was or should have been known tn Grantor. The provis ons: nf this section c·t the Deed of Trust, rncluthng
the obligation t0 indemnifv, shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness- and the :satis;fact¤<>n and reuonveyetntze
of the lien of this Deed 0I Trust and shall not be affected by Lendefs acqtrisition of any interest in the Property,
whether by foreclosure or otheruviser
Nuisance, Waste. Grantnr shall not cause, conduct or perrnnt any nutsztnce nor tzurnnmt, nmrnit, nr suffer any
stripping of 0r waste 0n rar to the Property or any portion 0f the Pmperty. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Grantor will not remcve, or grant to any other party the r¤·]ht to remove, any timber mnnrarals (in<;|u<,i¤ng
oil and gas), coal, clay, scnria, soil, gravel or rock products vvntt1out|.·2n<ier's prior vvrmer consent.
Removal of Improvements;. Grantor shall not demolish or rernnw- any Improvements; from the F~0stI Property
without Lender`s prior wrttcn consent. As a condition t0 the rcrnovexl of any Imprnvernents Lender may req.n·n
Grantor t0 make arrangements s;at¤s.tact0ry t0 Lander to replace such Imprnvements .xt··»tl= Irnpmvtzrnents of at tt—·n·»r
equal value.
Lender`s Right to Enter. Lender and Lender's agents and representatives may enter upon the Real Property at .tlI
reasonable times t0 atterd to Lendefs interests and to rnspecr the Rua! Property for purposes of Gremwrs
compliance with the terms and tonditions 0f this Deed of Trust.
Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Grantor shall promptly comply. and shall rmnmptly Célusaer
compliance by all agents, tenants or other persons or entities; of tn/ery nature whatsoever who mnt, lease nr
Otherwise use 0r occupy Mc Property an any manner, with all Iervvs, ·>rtiina·wt:es, and regulations, new or hereafter
in effect, of all gevernmentul authorities applicable IO the use o· c>t:t;upet·1cy0f the Property. Grantor may contezwr
in good faath any such law, ordinance, or regulation and t/v¤1lwh0.u cztnmpliance dur ng any prucezedrng, ineluuirtg
appropriate appeals, $0 Iorg as Grantor has notnfied Lender in wrinng; prior to donng so and so hong as, ¤n Lermder s
. s0|e opmion, Lender‘s interests n the Property are not jeoparclizced. Lender may requtre Grantor to pnst adequmr;
security or a surety bond, ·east>r»abIy satisfactory to Lender, to ;_·r0tet:t Lesntlefs interest.
Duty to Protect. Grantor {agrees; neither to abandon 0r leave unzmendeti me Property. Grantor shall do all other
acts, in addition to those ans set forth above in this section, which from the character and usn nf the Property are
reasonably necessary to pmtetxt and preserve the Property.
DUE ON SALE - CONSENT BY LENDEZR. Lender may, at Lender`s option, lA· declare xmmeditately due and payable all
sums secured by this Deed 01 Trust 0r (B) increase the interest rate provided for in the Credit Agreement c>r other
document evidencing the Indebtedness and impose such other conditrons as Lender deems appropriate, upon the sale ur
transfer, without Lender's prior vvrmcn consent, 0f all or any part of the Flezl Property, or any interest an the Pte;-nl
Property. A "sale 0r transfer" rneans the conveyance 0f Real Property nr any right, title 0r interest an the Real Property;
whether legal, beneficial or equitable; whether voluntary 0r involuntary; whether by outright sale, deed, installment scale
contract, land Contract, contract for deed. leasehold Interest wnth za term greater than three (3) years, |t>z·1se—0ptr0n
contract, 0r by sale, BSSlgm'T1Gl`I, or transfer 0f any benefrcial interest in ur IO any land trust hoidnnq title to the Pearl
Property, or by any other method mt conveyance of an interest in the Real Prt,>p-my. However, thus; ogmon shall not bt:
exercised by Lender if such exertznse is: prohibited by federal law 0r by Waaslwingtcn Iavv.
TAXES AND LIENS. The mllowrnq rrnvnsions relating t0 the taxes and liens: on the Property are part uf thas Deed 4·!
Trust:
Payment, Grantor shall pay vvhet due (and an all events pnnr to »:1elinuuer·»t;y1 all taxes, specnaal taxes, aessussnwerets
charges (including water and sewer), fines and impositions levrcri argzrinst cr on account of the Property, and shan!
pay when due all claims for wom Gone 0n 0r for servnces rendered nn f`f|·[lt€,fI€:lI furnnslwed IO the Property. Grarvtur
shall maintain the Property free 0i all liens havtng priority over or equal tothe interest nf Lender under this Deer: Of
Trust, except for the lien of taxes and assessments not due, except 10r the Existrng Indebtedness referred t·>
below, and except as otherwise provided in thus Deed of Trust.
Right t0 Contest. Grantor znztv withhold payment 0f any tax, assaessmente or claim in mcnnectrun vvrth H good tznt'1
dnspute over the obligation 10 r_¤tn,·, so long as Lender‘s Interest in the Property is not j·2<>pa¤rd¤zcc$, It a her anses nr
is filed as a result of nonpzaymem, Grantor shall within fnfteen (15) days after the Iuzn muses 0r, rf a lmn rs film,
vvithrn fnfteen (15) days ether Grantor has ncmcsz of the filrng, secure the d scharge er the hen, nr at requested rw
Lender, deposrt vvtth Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender in an
amount sufficient to discharge the hen plus any costs and pezrmnssible ieee, nr other charges than could accrue eas; r
result of z• fcreclosure 0r aalee under the lien. In any COHIQSI, Grartor shall defenc! itself and Lender and sI·4¤·l
HIIHIIIIIIMII|HIN|Ill|I|tII|IH|IIWIIIIIIIIHIII »-·· r ¤·· 1 
06/23/2008 01:17P
CHQSE DT 52.00 Pacific Co. HR

DEED OF TRUST Page 4
Loan N0: 42495000O047 (Continued)
satisfy any adverse judgment before enforcement against the Property. Grantor shall name Lender ae nn additional
obligee under any surety lionrl lurnished in the contest proceed ngs
Evidence cf Payment, Grzrrttor shall upon demand furnish to Lenrlrzr sarrsiactriry evirlence of payment ol the taxes
or assessments and shall authorize the appropriate governmental oflicial to deliver io Ltenrlor at any time a written
statement of the taxes and assi-issrnents against the Property.
Notice of Construction. Grantor shall notify Lender at least fifteen rl!5) days before any vvork is comwenrxerl, any
services are furnished, or any materials are supplied to the Property, il any mechanics lien. materialmerfs lien, or
other lien could be asserted on account of the work, services, or nratc·rit=Is. Grantor will upon request of Lenrler
furnish to Lender advante assurances satisfactory to Lender that Grantor can and vvill pay the (JUST ot such
improvements.
PROPERTY DAMAGE INSURANCE, The following provisions relating to insurirg the Property are a part ol this Detail ot
Trust.
Maintenance of Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain poll-czreaa of fire insurance with stand;-rr;l e><tendrerl
coverage endorsements on a replacement basis tor the lull insurable value covering all Improvements on the Rreal
Property in an amount sufficient to avoid application ot any coinsuranrre clause, and with it standard mortg.;rgee
clause in favor of Lender. together with such other hazard and liability insurance as Lender may reasonably require.
Policies shall be written in torni, amounts, coverages and basis reasonaby acceptable to Lender and issued by a
company or companies reasonably acceptable to Lender. Grantor, orion request ol Lender, wilt dolrvry to Lender
from time to time the policies or certificates ot insurance in form saistactory to Lender, including stiziu ations that
coverages will not be carirzellrad or diminished without at least ten (lOl days prior written notice to Lender. li’a·:h
insurance policy also shall include an endorsement providing that r;over.;ige in favor of Lender will not he irnprrrecl
in any way by any act, ornissirin or default ot Grantor or any other person Should rhe Real Property be lorzatrarl in
an area designated by the Director of the Federal Emergency lvlanagernrini Agency as a special flood hazard area,
Grantor agrees to obtain and maintain Federal Flood Insurance, if av.iiIal;ile. within 45 days after notice is given try
Lender that the Property is located in a special flood hazard area, for the maximum amount ot your credit line and
the full unpaid principal lralanrrra ol any prior liens on the property serzuring the loan, up to the maxirnurn prilicy
limits set under the National Flood Insurance Program, or as otherwise required by Lender, nnd to rna ntain surzh
insurance: for the term of the loan.
Application of Proceeds. Grarnlor shall promptly notify Lender of any loss air damage to the Property. Lenrlor may
make proof of loss if Grantor tails to do so within fifteen llEi) days of the r:asua·ty. Whether or not l.enr··er's
security is impaired, Lender may, at Lender's election, receive and rritairi the proceeds of any insurance and apply
the proceeds to the reduction cl the lndebtedness, payment ot any lien affecting the Property, or the restoration
and repair ot the Property It Lender elects to apply the proceeds to restcrartion and repair, Grantor shall repair nr
replace the damaged or destroyed Improvements in a manner satisfactory to Lender. Lender shall, utitin
satisfactory proof of sucl exrienditure, pay or reimburse Grantor from t·ie proceeds for the reasonable cost lit
repair or restoration if Grantor is not in default under this Deed ot ll-f.lS|, Any proceeds which have not lierin
disbursed within 180 days: alter their receipt and which Lender has not committed to the repair or restoratiort of
the Property shall be useo first to pay any amount owing to Lender under this Deed of Trust, then to pay accruwtl
interest, and the remainder, if any, shall be applied to the principal l>alant,e of the Indebtedness. If Lender holds
any proceeds after payment in lull of the indebtedness, such proceeds shall he paid without interest to Grantor .rs
Grantor’s interests may appear.
Compliance with Existing Indebtedness. During the period in which any Existing Indebtedness described below is
in eflect, compliance with the insurance provisions contained in the instrument evidencing such Exiswrrr;
Indebtedness shall constitute compliance with the insurance provis-ons under this Deed of Trust, to the extent
compliance with the terms oi this Deed ot Trust would constitute a duplication of insurance requirernent. lf any
proceeds from the insurance lyacorne payable on loss, the provisions in this Deed of Trust tor division ot proceeds
shall apply only to that portion ol the proceeds not payable to the holrler ot the Existing lrdebteriness.
LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. ll Grantor fails (A) [0 keep the Property free- ol all taxes, liens. srzcurity rntere:st»
encumbrances, and other claims lBl to provide any required insurance on the *°roperty, or lCl to matte repairs to thry
Property or to comply with any obligation to maintain Existing Indebtedness in good standing as reourrocl holovv, then
Lender may do so. It any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially aflect LGUCGFIS interests in tri;
Property, then Lender on Grar·tor's behalf may, but is not required to, take any action tl‘at Lender believes to te
appropriate to protect Lender's interests;. All expenses incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes will then lierrr
interest at the rate charged under the Credit Agreement front the datre incurred or paid liy Lender to tlwe date iii
repayment by Grantor. All such expenses will become a part ol the lntleliterlness and, at l.ender's option, will (A) bra
payable on demand; (B) be added to the balance of the Credit Agreernent and be apportioned among and be payable
with any installment payments to become due during either ll) the term tit any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the
remaining term of the Credit Agreement; or (Cl be treated as a balloon payment which will lie due and payable at the
Credit Agreement's maturity· `he Property also will secure payment of these amounts. The rights provided for in this
paragraph shall be in addition to any other rights or any remedies tc vvhirzh Lender may he ontitletl on account ot any
default. Any such action by Lender shall not he construed as curing the elelaut so as to |>ar Lender from any remezrzy
that it otherwise would have hall.
WARRANTY; DEFENSE OF TITLE. Tlte following provisions relating to ovvrrership of the Property are a riart of this Drierl
of Trust:
Title. Grantor warrants that: tal Grantor holds good and rnarketalile title or record iti the Property in lee srmrilri,
free and clear of all liens and errcurnbrances other than those set torth in the Real Property description or rn the
Existing Indebtedness sectwn be ow or in any title insurance policy, title report, or final title opinion issued in favor
of, anti accepted by, Lender in connection with this Deed cl Trust, and (bl Grantor was the tull right, power, arid
authority to execute and deliver this Deed of Trust to Lender.
Defense of Title. Subject ro the exception in the paragraph above, Grarrttr warrants ard will forever defend the
title tothe Property against the lawful claims of all persons. In the event any action or proceeding is comrnenr·e·l
that questions Grantor's title or the interest of Trustee or Lender under this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall defend the
action at (3rantor's e><pensr;—. Grantor may be the nominal party in surzh proceeding, but Lender shall he entitled to
participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the pro·:eodi·tg xny tzounsel ril Lender`s ovvn <;l·oico, and
Grantor will deliver, or cause to he delivered, to Lender such instruments as Lender may request from time to time
to permit such participation
Compliance With Laws. Grantor warrants that the Property ancl Grontofs. use of the PVODETLV complies with all
existing applicable lavvs, ordinances, and regulations ol governmental authorities.
Survival of Promises. All promises agreements, and statements Grantor has made in this Deed til Trust Slizrél
survive the execution and tlelrvrerv ol this Deed ot Trust, shall be continuing in nature and shall remain in lull tortw:
and effect until such time as Boirovvors Indebtedness is paid in ltill.
llllllllllll llll Illlll Illll Illllll lllll lll lllll llllllll »-·· t ··· ·»
08/23/2008 01:17P
CHRSE DT 52.00 Paolflc Cn. HA

DEED OF TRUST Page 5
Loan No: 42495000OO4’7 (Continued)
EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS. The folluvving provisions concerning Existing Indebtedness are a part of this Deed of Trtsv;
Existing Lien. The lien ol thrs Deed of Trust securing the lndebterlress nray be secondary and inferior to the lten
securing payment of an existing obligation. The existing obligation has er carrent prirrcrpel balance of approximately
$290755. Grantor expressly covenants and agrees to pay, or see to lhr· payment of, the Eixrstrng indebtedness
and to prevent any default on such indebtedness, any default under the instruments evidencing such i·idebtedn·2ss.
or any default under any security documents for such indebtedness.
No Modification. Grantor shall not enter into any agreement with the holder of any mortgage, deed of trust, or
other security agreement whit-h has priority over this Deed ol "rust by which that agreement is modified,
amended, extended, or renewed without the prior written corrsent of Lender. Grantor shall nerther request nor
accept any future advances under any such security agreement without the prior written consent of Lrzntler.
CONDENINATION. The following prcvisions relating to condemnation [)l’t`1<,t`3l!(llI7i]S are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Proceedings. lf any proceeding in condemnation is filed, Grantor shall promptly notify Lender in writing, and
Grantor shall promptly take such steps as may be necessary to defend the action add obtain the award. Grantor
may be the nominal party n such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to he
represented in the proceeding by counsel of its own choice all at Grzrntor's expense, rind Grantor will deliver or
cause to be delivered to Lender such instruments and documentatton as may be requested by Lender from time to
time to permit such partrcroatior.
Application of Net Proceeds. lf all or any part of the Property is conrlemnod by emirent domain proceedings or liv
any proceeding or purchase in lieu of condemnation, Lender may at its election require that all or any portion ol the
net proceeds of the award he applied to the Indebtedness or the repair or restoration of the Property. The not
proceeds of the award shrill rneran the award after payment of all reasoralile costs, expenses. and attorneys fees
rncurred by Trustee or Len·:ler in connection with the condemnation
IIVIPOSITION OF TAXES, FEES AND CHARGES BY GOVERNMENT/-\L AUTI-IORITIES, The following provisions relating
to governmental taxes, fees and charges are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Current Taxes, Fees and Charges. Upon request by Lender. Grantor shall execute such documents in addition to
this Deed of Trust and take whatever other action is requested by Lrsnrlrlr :0 perfect and continue Ler··der's lien on
the Real Property. Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all taxes, as described belotv, together with all expenses
incurred in recording, perfecting or continuing this Deed of Trust, including without limitation all taxes, foes,
documentary stamps, and other charges for recording or registering this Deed of Trust.
Taxes. The following shall constitute taxes to which this sec;ion appl-es; (ll a specific tax upon this type :>f
Deed of Trust or upon all or any part of the Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust; l2l a specific tax on
Borrower which Borrower is authorrzed or required to deduct from paymerits on the Indebtedness secured by this
type of Deed of Trust; I3) a tax on this type of Deed of Trust chargeable against the Lender or the holder of the
Credit Agreement; and I4) a specific tax on all or any portion of the Indebtedness or on payments of principal itrid
rnterest made by Borrower
Subsequent Taxes. lf any tax to which this section applies is ertavteti subsequent to the date of this Deer; .>l
Trust, this event shall have the same effect as an Event of Default, and Lender may exercise any or all ol r¤~;
available remedies for an Event of Default as provided below unless Grantor either lll pays the sax before it
becomes delinquent, or (S21 contests the tax as provided above in the `laztes and Liens section and tleposits with
Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender.
SECURITY AGREEMENT; FINANCING STATEMENTS. The following provisions relating to this Deed ol Trust as :1
security agreement are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Security Agreement. Thi;. instrument shall constitute a Security Agreement to the extent any of the Property
constitutes fixtures, and Lender shall have all of the rrghts of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Cone
as amended from time to time.
Security Interest. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall execute finzinr;ir·g statements and take whatever other
action is requested by Leader zo perfect and continue Lenders security interest in the Personal Property. in
addition to recording this Deed of Trust in the real property records, l-errdr,r may, at any time and without further
authorization from Grantor, file executed counterparts, copies or reprndtrctrons of this Deed of Trust as   frnancrng
statement. Grantor shall rerrntrurse L.ender for all expenses incurred in perfecting or continuing this secuwty
interest. Upon default, Granto· shall assemble the Personal Property in a manner and at a place reasonably
convenient to Grantor and Lender and make it available to Lender t.~.·rthrn three (3) days after receipt of written
demand from Lender.
Addresses. The mailing aclrlrc-sses of Grantor ldebtorl and Lender (secured partyi from which information
concerning the security interest granted by this Deed of Trust may he cbtained (each as required by the tlnifnrrn
Commercial Code) are as stated on the first page of this Deed of Trust,
FURTHER ASSURANCES; /\TTORNEY—IN-FACT. The following provrsiows relating to further assurances and
attorney-in·fact are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Further Assurances. At any time, and from time to time, upon request of Lender, Grantor will make, execute and
deliver, or will cause to be marie executed or delivered, to Lender or to Lender`s designee, and vvhen requested by
Lender, cause to be filed, recorded, refiled, or rerecorded, as the case may be, at such times and in such offices
and places as Lender may deem appropriate, any and all such mortgetges, deeds of trust, security tleeds, security
agreements, financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance, certificates, and
other documents as may. in thc sole opinion of Lender, be necessary or desirable in orde· to effectuate, complcto,
perfect, continue, or preserve til Borrowers and Grantor's obligations Jnrler the Credit Agreement, this Deed r·l
Trust, ano the Related Documents, and (2} the liens and security rriteres=s created by this Deed of Trust on the
Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by Grantor. Unless prohibited by law or Lender agrees to the
contrary in writing, Grantt;-r shall reimburse Lender for all costs and expenses rnctirred in connection with the
matters referred te in this paragraph
Attorney-in-Fact. lf Grantor fails to do any ofthe things referred to in the preceding paragraph, Lender may do so
for and in the name of Grantor and at Grantor‘s expense. For such purposes, Grantor hereby rrrevocably appoints
Lender as Grantor's attorney·rn fact for the purpose of making, executing, delivering, ‘i|rng, recordrng, and doing all
other things as may be necessary or desirable, in Lender's sole opinion, t<· accomplsh the matters referred tr· tn
the preceding paragraph.
FULL PERFORMANCE. lf Borrower pays all the Indebtedness when due. terminates :he credit line account, anrl
otherwise performs all the obligations imposed upon Grantor under this Deed of Trust, Lender shall execute and deliver
to Trustee a request for full reconveyancre and shall execute and deliver to -C3ra·tt;>r suitable statements of terrnrnatron ct
any financing statement on file evidencing Lender's security interest in the Rents and the Personal Property. Any
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »··· . ~»· ·»
08/23/2008 01:179
°“"$E DT s2.¤¤ rimrta ca. un

DEED OF TRUST Page 6
Loan No: 424950000O47 (Continued)
reconveyance fee shall be pai-gl by Grantor, ri permitted by applicaale law. The grantee in any reconveyarrce may be
described as the "person or persons legally entitled thereto", and the rerritals in the reconveyance of any mattrrs or
facts shall be conclusive proof of the truthfulness of any such matters or facts.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Grantor will he n default under this Deed of Trust if .rn·/ of the following happen:
(A) Grantor commits fraud or makes a material misrepresentation at any time in conriectron with the Oerlit
Agreement. This can include, for example. a false statement about Borrowers or Gran1or's income assets, lrabil tires,
or any other aspects of Borrov.·er's or Grantor's financial condition.
(Bl Borrower does not meet the repayment terms of the Credit /xrjrei;rrrent.
(3) Grantor's action >r inaction adversely affects the collateral or Lcnder's rights n the collateral. This can
include, for example, failure to maintain required insurance, waste or destructive use of the dwelling, larure to pay
taxes, death of all persons liable on the account, transfer of title or sale of the dwelling, creation or a senior lien on the
dwelling without our permission, foreclosure by the holder of another lien. or the use of funds or the dwelling lor
orohibited purposes.
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. If an Event of Default occurs under this Deed oi Trust, at any time thereafter,
`Trustee or Lender may exercise any one or more of the following rights and remedies:
Election of Remedies. All or l-ender's rights and remedies will be curr·ulative and may be exercised alone or
together. An election by Lender to choose any one remedy will not bar Lender from using any other remedy it
Lender decides to spend money or to perform any of Grantor's obligations under this Deed of Trust. a’ter Grantor's
failure to do so, that decision by Lender will not affect Lender`; right to declare Grantor in default and to exercise
Lender's remedies.
Accelerate indebtedness. Lender shall have the right at its option to dec are the entire lndebtednessa immedrwtrrly
due and payable.
Foreclosure. With respect to all or any part of the Real Property, Pit? "rustee shall have the right to exercise -ts
power of sale and to foreclose by notice and sale, and Leader shall have the rigi·t to foreclose by jucicral
foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to the full extent provided by appli·:abl·2 law
UCC Remedies. With respect to all or any part of the Personal Properly, Lender shall have all the rights and
remedies of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code.
Collect Rents. Lender shall have the right, without notice to Borrower or Grantor to take possession of anrl
manage the Property and collect the Rents, including amounts past due and unpaio, arid apply the net proceeds,
over and above Lender's costs. against the Indebtedness. ln furtherance of this right, Lender may require any
tenant or other user of tl·e Property to make payments of rert or .rse fees directly to Lender. lf toe Rents are
collected by Lender, then Grantor irrevocably designates -ender as Grantor's attorney-in-fact to endorse
instruments received in payment thereof in the name of Grantor and no negotiate the same and collect the
proceeds. Payments by tenants or other users to Lender in response to Lendt·r's demand shall satisfy the
obligations for which the payments are made, whether or not any proper grounds for the demand existed. Lender
may exercise its rights under this subparagraph either in person, by argent., or through a receiver.
Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointecl to take possession ol all or any part of
the Property, with the power to protect and preserve the Property, to operate the Property preceding or pending
foreclosure or sale, and to collect the Rents from the Property and apply the proceecs, over and above the cost ·..il
the receivership, against the indebtedness. The receiver may serve without bond if permitted by law. Lender's
right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the Property exceeds the
Indebtedness by a substantial amount. Employment by Lender shrill not disqualify a person from serving z-is ri
receiver.
Tenancy at Sufferance. lf Grantor remains in possession of the Property after the Property is solrl as provi;lr¤d
above or Lender otherwise becomes entitled to possession of the Property upon default of Grantor, Grantor shrill
become a tenant at sufferance of Lender or the purchaser of the Property and shall, at Lencler's option, either lll
pay a reasonable rental for the use of the Property, or (2) vacate the Property immediately upon the demand -ii
Lender.
Other Remedies. Trustee or Lender shall have any other right or rerriezdy provided in this Dee:) of Trust or the
Credit Agreement or by law.
Notice of Sale. Lender shall give Grantor reasonable notice of the titre and place of any public sale of the Persrnar
Property or of the time after whrch any private sale or other intended tlisposition of the Personal Property is tc he
made. Reasonable notice shall mean notice given at least ten llOl days before the time of the sale or disposition.
Any sale of Personal Property may be made in conjunction with any stile of the Real Property.
Sale of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower and Grantor hereby waives any and till
rights to have the Property marshalled. In exercising its rights and remedies, the Trustee or Lender shall be here to
sell all or any part of the Property together or separately, in one sale or try separate sales. Lender shall be entitled
to bid at any public sale on all or any portion of the Property.
Expensesr To the extent not prohibited by applicable law, all reasonable txpenses lender incurs that in Lentlrzr's
opinion are necessary at any time for the protection of its interest or the enforcement of its rights, shall beconre a
part of the loan payable on demand, and shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of expenditure uniil
repaid. Expenses covereril by {his paragraph include, without; limitation, however subject to any limits under
applicable lavv, Lender's expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate the automzitir;
stay or injunction) and appeals, tothe extent permitted by applicable law.
Rights of Trustee. Trustee shall have all of the rights and duties of Lender as set forth in this section.
POWERS AND OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE. The following provisions relating to the povvizrs and obligations of Trustee
(pursuant to Lender's instructions) are part of this Deed of Trust:
Powers of Trustee. ln addition to all powers of Trustee arising as a matter of law, Trustee shall have the power to
take the following actions with respect to the Property upon the written reiiuest of Lender and Grantor; la) join in
preparing and filing a map or plat of the Real Property, including thi: dedication of streets or other rights to the
public; (bl join in granting any easement or creating any restrict·orr on the Real Property; and lc; join in any
subordination or other agreement affecting this Deed of Trust or the rrtterryst of Lender under this Deed of Trust.
Obligations to Notify. Trustee shall not be obligated to notify tiny other party of a pending sale under any Other
trust deed or lien, or of any action or proceeding in which Grantor, Lender, or Trustee shall be a party, unless
required by applicable law, or unless the action or proceeding is brought by Trustee.
Trustee. Trustee shall meet all qualifications required for Trustee under applicable law. ln addition to the rights
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »-·· T ~· »
08/23/2008 01:179
0****55 or s2.·ao i=•¤iii¤ co. un

DEED OF TRUST Page 7
Loan No: 424950000O47 (Continued)
and remedies set forth above. vvith respect to all or any part of tht· Property, the Trustee shall have the right to
foreclose by notice and sale, and Lender will have the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure. in either caste in
accordance with and to the full extent provided by applicable law.
Successor Trustee. Lender, at l-ender's option, may from time to time appoint a sur uessor Trustee to any Trustee
appointed under this Deed of Trust by an instrument executed and ackntwledged by Lender and recorded tn the
office of the recorder of PAClFlC County, State of Washington. The netrument shall contain, in srddttton to till
other matters required by state law, the names of the original Lender, Trustee, and Grantor, the bool; and page or
the Auditor's File Number where this Deed of Trust is recorded, and the name and address ol the succoessor
trustee, and the instrument shall be executed and acknowledged hy Lender or its su·:<:essors in interest. T‘te
successor trustee, without conveyance of the Property, shall succeed t:> .rll the title, power, and duttes conferred
upon the Trustee tn this Deed of Trust and by applicable law. This tzrccedure for substitution nf Trustee s·.h.rll
govern to the exclusion ot till other provisions for substitution.
NOTICES. Subject to applical: e law, and except for notice required or allovvetl by law to be given in another manner,
any notice required to be given under this Deed of Trust, including without limitation siny notice of delaclt and any
notice of sale shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually roceiverl by
telefacsimtlo (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with a nationally recogtrrtzod overnight courier, cr, if
mailed. when deposited tn the Jnitecl States mail, as first class, certified or reg stered mail postage prepaid, directed to
the addresses shown near the beginning of this Deed of Trust. All copies or notices of foreclosure from the holdrr of
any lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust shall be sent to Lenders address, as shown near the beginning ·;rl
this Deed of Trust. Arty person may change his or her address for notices under this Deed of Trust by giving formal
written notice to the other person >r persons, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the persr;in‘s
address. For notice purposes, Grantor agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of Grantor`s currcnt address.
Subject to applicable law, and except for notice required or allowed by law to be given in another manner, if there is
more than one Grantor, any ncttce given by Lender to any Grantor is deemed to be notice given to all Grawtors. It will
be Grantor`s responsibility to toll the others of the notice from Lender. l\.otvvitltstanding the foregoing, the address f·>r
notice for Lender is: Chase, Attn: Home Equity Loan Servicing, PO, Box 2*47 I4, Columbus, Ol-l 43224,
IDENTITY OF LENDER. Lender ts JPl\/lorgan Chase Bank, N./X., a national banking association organized and existing
under the laws of the United States of America, with its main offices located in Columbus. Ohio.
NON·WA|VER. A waiver by any party of a breach of a provision of thrs Deed of Trust shall not constitute at waiver of or
prejudice the party's right otherwise t.o demand strict compliance witn that provision or any other provision.
SUPPLEMENT TO PERSONAL PROPERTY DEFINITION, lt is the intention ol Lender only to take a security interest tn and
retain a lien on that personal property considered fixtures under the L=nilr;»rt~t Commercial Code as adopted in the
jurisdiction where this Deed of Trust is filed of record as same may be amended from time to time or such other stazutrr
of such jurisdiction that defines property affixed to real estate and no other personal property.
DUE ON SALE - CONSENT BY LENDER. Lender may, at Lender's option, t/Xl declare immediately due and payable all
sums secured by this Deed of Trust or (Bl increase the interest rate provided for in the Note or Credit Agreement rrr
other document evidencing the Indebtedness and impose such other conditions as Lender deems appropriate, upon tI·e
sale or transfer, without Lenders prior written consent, of all or any part of tire Real Property, or any interest in the
Real Property. A "saIe or transfer" means the conveyance of Real Property or any right, title or interest in the Flo-rl
Property; whether legal, benettcial or equitable; whether voluntary or invoutrtary; whothe· by outright sale, deed,
installment sale contract, land contract, contract for deed, leasehold interest with a term greater than three (3) years,
|ease~0ption contract, or by sale. assignment, or transfer of any beneficial interest in or to any land trust holding title to
the Real Property, or by any other method of conveyance of an interest in the Roal Property l-lowever, this option shall
not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited by federal Iavv or hy Washington law.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions ate a p.trt of this Deed of Trust:
Amendments. What is written in this Deed of Trust and rrr the Related Documents s Grantor's entire agreement
with Lender concerning tht; matters covered by this Deed of Trust. To be effective, any change or amendment to
this Deed of Trust must be in writing and must be signed by whoever will oe bound or obligated by the change tr
amendment.
Caption Headings, Caption headings in this Deed of Trust are for convenience purposes only and arr? not to he
used to interpret or define the provisions of this Deed of Trust.
Merger. There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Deed of Trast with any other interest or
estate in the Property at any time held by or for the benefit of Lender tn any capacity without the written conseznt
of Lender.
Governing Law. This agreement will be governed by and interpreted tn accordance with federal law anrl the laws
of the State of Washington except for matters related to: (ll interest and the exportation of interest, which will be
governed by and interpreted tn accordance with federal law lircludtng, but not limited to, statutes, regulations,
interpretations, and opinionsl and the laws of the State of Ohio; and l2l the validity and enforcement of Lendt;=r'~>
security interest tn the Property, which will be governed by the laws ol the State where the Property is located
However, if there ever is .2r question about whether any provision ot the agreement is valid or enforceable, the
provision that is questioned wil; ue governed by whichever of the governing state or federal laws that would t nrl
the provision to be valid and enforceable. The loan transaction which ts evidenced liy this and other rolatetl
documents; has been approved, made and funded, and all necessary tlotrtrments have been acceptetl l.;y Lender in
the State of Ohio.
Joint and Several Liability. All obligations of Borrower and Grantor unoer this Deed of Trust snall lie joint and
several, and all references to Grantor shall mean each and every Grantor, and all references to Borrower shall mean
each and every Borrower. This means that each Borrower and Grantor signing belcw is responsible for all
obligations in this Deed of Trust
No Waiver by Lender. Grantor understands Lender will not give up any of Lencler's rights under this Deed of Trost
unless Lender does so in writing The fact that Lender delays or omits to exercise any right will not mean that
Lender has given up that right. Il Lender does agree tn writing to give up one of Londer’s rights. that does not
mean Grantor will not have to comply with the other provisions of this Deed of Trust. Grantor also understand:.
that if Lender does consent to a request, that does not mean tl·at Grantor will not have to get l.endcr's consent
again if the situation happens again Grantor further understards that rust because Lender consents to one or
more of Grantor`s requests, that does not mean Lender will be reqttiretl ·o consent. to any of Gran:or's future
requests. Grantor waives presontment, demand for payment, protest, and notice of di:-:l·iot·.or.
Severability. If a court finos that any provision of this Deed of Trust .s not valid or should not be enlorcerl, tltrtr
fact by itself will not mean that the rest of this Deed of Trust will not be valid or enfo·ced. Therefore, a court v».rIl
enforce the rest of the provisions of this Deed of Trust even if a provis on of this Deed of Trust may be found to l>r·
invalid or unenforceable.
lllllll lllll llll llllll lllll lllllll lllll lll lllll llll llll e.·tr.r,·· rt
8 01:17P
°**‘l$E or szoo mtatrta ca. un

I
· r \
DEED OF TRUST Page 8
Loan No: 42495000O047 (Continued)
Successors and Asslgrts. Sttlilect IO any limitations stated in this f·ererI t:f Trust Ori transfer of Graritor`s mtr rt·sl,
this Deed of Trust shall he binding upon and inure to the benefit of the oarties, the¤r successors and assigns. ll
ownership of the Property becomes vested in a person other than Grantor, Lender, without notice to Grantor. may
deal with Grantor's suctxesasors with reference to this Deed of Trust .ind tre Indebtedness by wav of rorbearanrce nr
extension without releasing Grantor from the obligations ot this Deed of Trust or liability under the indebtedness.
Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of th·s Deed of Trust
Waiver of Homestead Exemption. Grantor hereby releases and waives .ill rights and benefits of the homestead
exemption laws of the State of Washington as to all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust.
DEFINITIONS. The following words shall have the following meanings when used in this Deed of Trust:
Beneficiary. The word "l3enefrciary" means JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA, and its successors and assigns.
Borrower. The word "Borrower" means MICHAEL EDWARD BUSCHl;F2_ LAURIE A BUSCHEFQ; and l—lE BU$Cl—l*;Fi
FAMILY TRUST, DATED: l\/IAY f4, 2002, and all other persons and entities signing the Credit Agreement,
Credit Agreement. The words. "Ciredit Agreement" mean the credit .;ig·eement tratetl June 10, 2008, in the
Oflglhal principal amount of $100,000.00 from Borrower to Lender, together with all renewal:. wl,
extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the promissory note or
agreement. The maturity date of this Deed of Trust is June l0, 2043.
Deed of Trust. The words "Daed of Trust" mean this Deed of Trust among Grantor, Lender, and Trustee, and
includes without limitation all assignment and security interest provisions relating to the Personal Property and
Rents.
Environmental Laws. The words "Environmental Laws" mean any and all state, federal and local statutes.
regulations and ordinances relating to the protection of human health or the environment, including witnout
limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of lSJ80, as amended, 42
U.S.C. Section 960l. et seq. i"CEI%CLA"l, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of l986, Pulii. L.
No. 994199 ("SAR/X"), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 L.l.S·,C. Secticn ‘li30l, et seq., tho Resourte
Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S,C. Section 690l, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws, rule-s.
or regulations adopted pursuant thereto.
Event of Default. The words "Event of Default" mean any of the events of default set forth in this Deed of Tru··:r in
the events of default section of this Deed of Trust.
Existing indebtedness. Tire words "Existing Indebtedness'" mean tht: rnzlebtedness described in tho Existing Liens
provision of this Deed of Trust
Grantor, The word "Grantor" means THE BUSCHER FAMILY TFKUST, DATED: MAY I4, 2002: MICHAEL. EDVVARD
BUSCHER; and LAURIE A BUSCHEFG.
Hazardous Substances. The words "Hazardous Substances" mean materials that. because of tre.- quantity,
concentration or physical, chemical or infectious characteristics. may cause or pose a present or potential ha.za·rl
to human health or the environment when improperly used, treated, stored disposed of, generated, manufactured,
transported or otherwise tandled. The words "Hazardous Subsstanrrris" are used in their very broadest sense arid
include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substanrxeu, materials or waste as defined by or lissttrtl
under the Environmental Laws. The term "Hazardous Substances" also includes, without limitation, petroleum anti
petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos.
Improvements. The word "lmprovements" means all existing and future improvements, littilrltrtgs. structures,
mobile homes affixed on the Heal Property, facilities, additions, rt·ipl.icernents and other construction ow the lteril
Property.
Indebtedness. The word "lndchtedness" means all principal, interest, and other amounts, costs and expenses
payable under the Credit Agreement or Related Documents, together with all renewals ol, extensions ol,
modifications of, consolidations of and substitutions for the Credit Agreement or Related Documents; and any
amounts expended or advanced by Lender to discharge Giantor‘s obligations or expenses incurred by Trustee nr
Lender to enforce Grantovs obligations under this Deed of Trust, together with interest on such amounts as
provided in this Deed of Trust. ln addition, and without limitation, the term "Indebtedness" includes all amounts
identified in the Revolving Line of Credit paragraph of this Deed of Trust. However, the term "lndebtedness" is
subiect to the limitations identified inthe Maximum Lien section of this Deed of Trust.
Lender. The word "Lender" means JPl\/lorgan Chase Bank, NA, its successors and assigns. The worns
"successors or assigns" mean any person or company that acquires any interest in the Credit Agreement,
Personal Property. The words "Personal Property" mean all equipment, fixtures, and other articles of personal
property now or hereafter owned by Grantor, and now or hereafter attached or szffixed to the Real Property;
together with all accessions, parts, and additions to, all replacements nf, and all substitutions tor, any of sucn
property; and together with all issues and profits thereon and proceeds tirvcluding without limitation ..tlI insurance
proceeds and refunds of premiums) from any sale or other disposition of tne Property.
Property. The word "Property" means collectively the Real Property and the Personal Property.
Real Property. The words 'Fteal Property" mean the real property, intcertests. and rights, as further rlescritretl in ll'>l:%
Deed of Trust.
Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan
agreements, environmental agreements, guaranties, security agreements mortgages, deeds of trust securitr
deeds, collateral mortgages. and all other instruments, agreements and documents., whether now or hereafter
existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness.
Rents. The word "Rents' means all present and future rents, revenues, income, issues, royalties, profits, and
other benefits derived from the Property,
Trustee. The word "Trustee" means WA Stewart Title Company of v\/ashington, whose mailing address; is 1980
Post Oak Blvd, Suite 300, Houston, TX 77056 and any substitute or s.ucce::sor trustees.
OB/23/2008 01:17P
ll llll llllll lllll lllllll lllll lll lllll llll llll »-·· T ~·· ·»
CHRSE DT 52.00 Pacific Cc, H9

DEED OF TRUST Page 9
Loan N0: 42495000OO4`7 (Continued)
EACH GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PRovIsIoI\isi OF THIS DEED OF TRUST, AND EACH
GRANTOR AGREES TO ITS TERMS.
GRANTOR:
THE BUSCHER FAMILY TRUST, DATED; MA 4, 2002
_______,e._.QTg.. ""` ‘ 7
MICHAEL EDWARD
BUSCHER,, Trustee of THIE
BUSCHER FAMILY TRUST.
DATED: MAY 14, 2002
i Q ig \
Aw <‘>»»-~>~   >e.Ee;e-_e2£;
LAURIE A BUSCHERH
Trustee of THE BUSCHER
FAMILY TRUST, DATED:
MAY T4, 2002
{·_,If"""‘ " /   ` l
MICHAEL EDWARD ‘
BUSCHER, Individually
X   ()\>\.>`.rwL C\ T 
LAURIE A BUSCHER _—`" \\`\qttlIlllll1u”,,
Individually _$t:§»gtE, M,q4f#%
§ ;‘ .--··”€i6ii`€h '‘‘‘   %
g   6 ,   é _
TRUST ACKNOWLEDGNIENT 5   !¤()»Ri   E
STATE OF AW   et r’  ,,,,_,,,_,   r E;   f
I `¤,_
iss %·e<···°¢‘T --... . .... T  
COUNTY or     WAVE FW"
__ _A__ (:»··’ __ ______ _______ _ i   ` O
"Wllllllllm
On this   _____ _____ day ol ¢__Ej/¢j·’{_ ___v_ ___ ____ ___________ V, J20{{g___ betore ine, the undersigned
Notary Public, personally appeared MICHAEL EDWARD BUSCHER,. Trustee; LAURIE A BUSCHER,. Trustee of THE
BUSCHER FAMILY TRUST, DATED: MAY 14, 2002, and personally known to me or proved to me on tho basis cl
satisfactory evidence to be author zed trustees or agents of the trust that executed the Deed oi Trust erntl
acknowledged the Deed of Trust to be the free and voluntary act and deed of the trust, by authority set lorth in the
trust documents or, by authority ot statute, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, and on oath stated that tlitév
are authorized to execute this Deed ut Trust and in fact executed the Deed or Trust on behalt ol the trust.
I/' -:3 { V. ·
Bvé/y4,:t; Z¤¢:Zf.. _..... F<E=$i¤i¤¤ at     ,
, 7 » / _.»
Notary Public in and for the State 0%% My commission expires Z~€y·é`x?$`
INIDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGIVIENT
STATE ¤·=  22214 .... T
ISS
COUNTY or   M;  , >
Od this day before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally appeared MICHAEL EDWARD BUSCHER and LAURIE
A BUSCHER, personally known to me or proved to me on the basis ol sarislactory evidence to be thrz individual.
described in and who executed the Deed of Trust, and acknovvledged that they signed the Deed ol Trust tis their trot:
and voluntary act and deed, lor the uses and purposes therein mentioned I A/__
Given under my hand and official seal this   ____   _____ _ __ __ day of   __   , 20_{2_5/
MT?. /"
BY .yx» __ _ _ Resldlng   '_._.,-.-t. L
i
Notary Public in and for the State MM My commission expires@   
mtlilllllllrrryy,
®2m8EM,4”’%
§ , ”__,,.......,___• ¢ %
,§ >;.·*‘\5,$l0N  Q
$·` ‘.·°'*   Z
§ ""§ ·   E
§ §'¤‘€)'{P·RY   E
T •.••· § z
3112982 E i °` i$E
P 2 E fa §
lll: S af 10 ,.> °‘~.__   §
ms; DT vv/za/z oo at :17P   -·-..  
$2.00 Pacific cp, un %ZPOF\NP*?\“$
”//riInIIIIIIl““

¤ r
DEED OF TRUST Page 10
Loan N0: 42495000OO47 (Continued)
RECLUEST FOR FULL RECONVEEYANCE
T0; _______________ ________ _ _____ _ . Trustee
The underslgned is the legal owner and holder el all lndebtednees serzrmr: Ly thus Deed ul Truel. You are lwerelrv
requested, upon payment er all sum; ewrng re you, re reeerwey wrrlreur rrmranry. re the persrrrre emrrlerl rlrereme url;
right, tltle and interest now helci by you under the Deed 0f Trust.
¤¤¢¢=   _r__r __ ___, _ L_ ,r__.__     .   - B¤¤·=·¤¢*¤rv= _______ L, .,   __  
Bw r..-___.,..-_--.r, .
hs; -____---_.- .-. __  
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »-·· = ·» ·· ·»
08/23/2008 01 :17P
CHQSE DT 52.00 Pacific Cor HR

