l
V) RETURN DOCUMENT T0:
Service Link ___
{IO 4000_In@griaI Blvd. ___
%ji¤"@=£ ——-—- First American Title insurance C0.
  I ,),3 S ¢l¢l£3
I Use cgqgzlack ink and griryegibly. Documents not legible will be rejected ger RCW_Q@4.045 & 65.04.047
DOCUMENT TITLE(Si):
IV Deed of Trust
AUDITOR FILE NUMBER & VOL. & PG. NUMBERS OF DOCUMENT(S) _
BEING ASSIGNED OR RELEASED:
;_i\g@>E1Lreference nunniqersgarlbe found on page of docume&
  GRANTOR(S):
James Alan Seiler
AdditionaLgrantor(s) cgltae found on page 'I of document. __
GRANT[EE(S):
James B Nutter and Company
Trustee: Senior Official With Responsibilty for Single Family Mortgage
Insurance Programs
Additional grantee(s) can_l·e found on page 1 of document. _* I
ABBREVIATED LEGAL DESCRIPTION: (Lot, block, plat name OR; qtrlqtr,
section, township and range OR; unit, building and condo name.)
Section 14, Township 13 N, Range 8 W, Pacific County, Wa I
Additior@Iega|(s) can befound on page 9 of document. __ I
ASSESSOR’S 16-DIGIT PARCEL NUMBER:
13081422038
Adcjticlrggumbers can I:{e_ found on page 9 of document. ___*_ _  
The Auditor/Recorder will rely on the information provided on this form. The responsibility for the
accuracy of the indexing information is that of the document preparer.
llllllllllll 3**3*33
Sfféié °' "’
senvxcstrux or emo mma ggswgaéap

'   /~¤"6/[J;/.'
v•d=r·n¤·iH·o:
James B. Nuner & Company
4I 53 Broadway
Kansas City. Missouri 64I I I
my yr;/. /15 O if/{/2 ?(’\€?
2:341/ lgzél
_££@QELZ;__.___.L__;;__,__.... ._.,_________
43384
V FHA Case N0.: 561-8614l I6-9S2—255
State of Washington ADJUSTABLE RATE
HOME EQUITY CONVERSION SECOND DEED OF TRUST
Tl IIS DEED OF TRUST ("Sccurity Instrument" or "Second Security Instrument") is made on June I8, 2008. The
trustor is James Alan Seiler, as his separate estate whose address is 12 Fuss Road, Raymond, WA 98577
("Borrower"). The trustee is the SENIOR OFFICIAL WITH RESPONSIBILITY FOR SINGLE FAMILY
MORTGAGE INSURANCE PROGRAMS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF I·IC>lISI\1G AND URBAN
DEVELOPMISNT FIELD OFFICE \VlTII IURISDICTION OVER THE PROPERTY DESCRIBED BELOW, OR A
DESIGNEE OF THAT OFFICIAL ("Trustee"). The beneficiary is the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development,
and whose address is 45I Severth Street, S.W., Washington, DC 204IO, ("Lender" or "Secretary"). Borrower has
agreed to repay to Lender amounrs which Lender is obligated to advance, including future advances, under the terms ol`
a Home Equity Conversion Loan Agreement dated the same date as this Security Instrumenl("Loan Agreement"). The
agreement to repay is evidenced by Borrowers Note dated the same date as this Security lnstruzrnent ("Second Note").
This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment ofthe debt evidenced by the Second Note. with interest,
and all renewals, extensions and modifications of the Note, up to a maximum principal amount of One Hundred
Eighty-Nine Thousand and 00/] 00 Dollars ($189,000.00); (b) the payment ofall other sums, with interest, advanced
under Paragraph 5 to protect the security of this Security Instrument or otherwise due under the temrs of this Security
Instrument; and (c) the performance of Borrowers covenants and agreements under this Security Instrument and the
Second Note. The lull debt, including all amounts described in (a), (b), and (c) above, if not paid earlier, is due and
payable on April I7, 2079. For this purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to Trustee, in trust, with power
ofsale, the following described property located in Pacific County, Washington;
Legal Description attached hereto as 'Exhibit A' and by this reference made a part hereof.
The real property located at the address I2 Fuss Road, Raymond, in the county of`Pacitic, srate of WA.
TOGETIIER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements, rights,
appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and additions shall also be
covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the "Proper·ty."
BORROWER COVENANTS thai Borrower is lawfully seised ofthe estate hereby conveyed and has the right to grant
and convey tht Property and that the Property is only encumbered by a First Security Instrument given by Borrower
and dated the same date as this Security Instrument ("First Security Instrument"). Borrower warrants and will defend
W./\ 2"`I Deed c·t"l`i·trst _] _
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll ;s»,;.r.·· ~
8 03:5
SERVICELINK DT 56.00 Pact I to Co, un ap

generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands, subject to any encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non—uniform covenants with
limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a unifonrr security instrument covering real property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal and Interest. Borrower shall pay when due the principal ot] and interest on, the debt
evidenced by the Second Note.
2. Payment of Property Charges. Borrower shall pay all property charges consisting of taxes, ground rents, tlood
and hazard insurance premiums, and special assessments in a timely manner, and shall provide evidence of payment to
Lender, unless Lender pays property charges by withholding funds from monthly payments due to the Borrower or by
charging such payments to a line of credit as provided for in the Loan Agreement. Lender may require Borrower to pay
speci lied property charges directly to the party owed payment even though Lender pays other property charges as
provided in this Paragraph.
3. Fire, Flood and Other Hazard Insurance. Borrower shall insure all improvements on the Property, whether now
in existence or subsequently erected. against any hazards, casualties, and contingencies, including tire. This insurance
shall be maintained in the amounts, to the extent and for the periods required by Lender. Borrower shall also insure all
improvements on the Property, whether now in existence or subsequently erected, against loss by floods to the extent
required by Lender. The insurarce policies and any renewals shall be held by Lender and shall include loss payable
clauses in favor of and in a form acceptable to, Lender.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give Lender immediate notice by mail. Lender may make proofofloss ifnot made
promptly by Borrower. Each insurance company concerned is hereby authorized and directed to make payment for
such loss to Lender, instead ot` tc Borrower and Lender jointly. Insurance proceeds shall be applied to restoration or
repair ofthe damaged Property, it' the restoration or repair is economically feasible and Lender's security is not
lessened. lt` the restoration or repair is not economically feasible or Lender‘s security would be lessened, the insurance
proceeds shall be applied first to the reduction of any indebtedness under the Second Note and this Security Instrunrent.
Any excess insurance proceeds over an amount required to pay all otrtstanding indebtedness under the Second Note
and this Security Instrument shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
In the event of foreclosure of this Security Instrument or other transfer ot` title to the Property that extinguishes the
indebtedness, all right, title and interest ofBorrower in and to insurance policies in force shall pass to the purchaser.
4. Occupancy, Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Borrower's Loan Application;
Leaseholds. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower's principal residence after the
execution ol` this Security Instrument and Borrower (or at least one Borrower, if initially more than one person are
Borrowers) and shall continue to occupy the Property as Borrower's principal residence for the term ofthe Security
Instrument. "Principal residence" shall have the same meaning as in the Loan Agreement.
Borrower shall not commit waste or destroy, damage or substantially change the Property or allow the Property to
deteriorate, reasonable wear and tear excepted. Borrower shall also be in default if Borrower, during the loan
application process, gave materially tirlse or inaccurate information or statements to Lender (or failed to provide Lender
with any material information) ir connection with the Loan evidenced by the Note, including, but not limited to.
representations concerning Borrower's occupancy ot` the Property as a principal residence. lftlris Security Instrument is
on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply with the provisions ofthe lease. lf Borrower acquires fee title to the Property,
the leasehold and fee title shall not be merged unless Lender agrees to merger in writing.
5. Charges to Borrower and Protection of Lender's Rights in the Property. Borrower shall pay all governmental
WA 2"" Deed oFTrnst
Page 2
3 1 13 1 63
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »-·· I 3·· »
08/27/2008 03:58P
SERVICELINK DT 55.00 Pacific cc, un

or municipal charges, fines and impositions that are not included in Paragraph 2. Borrower shall pay these obligations
on time directly to the entity wl ich is owed the payment. lf failure to pay would adversely affect Lender's interest in
the Property, upon Lender's request Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender receipts evidencing these payments.
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument in the manner provided in
Paragraph l2tTcj.
IfBorrower fails to make these payments or the property charges required by Paragraph 2, or fails to perform any other
covenants and agreements contarncd in this Security Instrument. or there is a legal proceeding that may significantly
affect Lender's rights in the Property (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, for condemnation or to enforce laws or
regulations), then Lender may do and pay whatever is necessary to protect the value ofthe Property and Lender's rights
in the Property, including payment oftaxes, hazard insurance and other items mentioned in Paragraph 2.
To protect Lender's security in the Property, Lender shall advance and charge to Borrower all amounts due to the
Secretary for the Mortgage Insurance Premium ("MIP") as defined in the Loan Agreement as well as all sums due to
the loan seryiccr for servicing activities ("Seryicing Fee") as defined in the Loan Agreement. Any amounts disbursed
by Lender under this Paragraph fre obligatory and shall become an additional debt of Borrower as provided for in the
Loan Agreement and shall be secured by this Security Instrument.
6. Inspection. Lender or its agent may enter on, inspect or make appraisals ofthe Property in a reasonable manner and
at reasonable times provided that Lcndcr shall give the Borrower notice prior to any inspection or appraisal specifying a
purpose for the inspection or appraisal which must be related to Lender's interest in the Property. lf the Property is
vacant or abandoned or the loan is in default, Lender may take reasonable action to protect and preserve such vacant or
abandoned Property without notice to the Borrower.
7. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential. in connection with any
condemnation or other taking of ;tny part ofthe Property, or for conveyance in place of condemnation, shall be paid to
Lender. The proceeds shall be rpplied first to the reduction of any indebtedness under a Second Note and Second
Security Instrument held by the Secretary to the Property, and then to the reduction ofthe indebtedness under the Note
and this Security Instrument. Any excess proceeds over an amount required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under
the Note and this Security Irrstrunrcnt shall be paid to the entity legally entitled thereto.
8. Fees. Lender may collect fees and charges authorized bythe Secretary.
9. Grounds for Acceleration of Debt.
(a) Due and Payable. Lender may require payment in full ofall sutns secured by this Security Instrument if:
(i) A Borrower dies and the Property is not the Principal residence ofat least one surviving Borrower; or
(ii) All ofa Borrowers title in the Property (or his or her beneficial interest in a trust owning all or part ofthe
Property) is sold or otherwise transferred an no other Borrower retains (a) title to the Property in fee
simple, (b) a leasehold under a lease for less than 99 years which is renewable or a lease having a
remaining period of not less than 50 years beyond the date of the 100th birthday of the youngest
Borrower, or (c) a life estate in the Property (or a beneficial interest in a trust with such an interest in the
Property).
(iii) The Property ceases to be the principal residence of a Borrower for reasons other than death and the
Property is not the principal rcsidence of at least one other Borrower; or
(iv) Por a period of longer than twelve (I2) consecutive months, a Borrower fails to physically occupy the
Property because or physical or mental illness and the Property is not the principal residence of at least
WA ZM Deed ofT·nst
Page 3
3 1 131 63
lllllll Illll llll Illlll lllll Illlll llllll lll Illll llll llll »-·· I ··» 13
08/27/2008 03 : SBP
SERVICELINK DT 55.00 Pacific Co, HA

one other Borrower; or
(v) An obligation ofthe Borrower under this Security Instrument is not performed.
(b) Notice to Lender. Borrower shall notify the Lender whenever any of the events listed in Paragraph 9(a)(ii)—(v)
occur.
(c) Notice to Borrower. Lender shall notify Borrower whenever the loan becomes due and payable under Paragraph
9(a)(ii)-(v). Lender shall not have the right to commence foreclose until Borrower has had thirty (30) days after
notice to either:
(i) Conect the matter which resulted in the Security Instrument coming due and payable; or
(ii) Pay the balance in tirllg or
(iii) Sell the Property for the lesser ofthe balance or 95% ofthe appraised value and apply the net proceeds of
the sale toward the balance; or
(iv) Provide the Lender with a deed in lieu of foreclosure.
(d) Trusts. Conveyance of a Borrowers interest in the Property to a trust which meets the requirements of the
Secretary. or conveyance of a trust's interests in the Property to a Borrower, shall not be considered a conveyance
for purposes ofthis Paragraph 9. A trust shall not be considered an occupant or be considered as having at principal
residence for purposes of this Paragraph 9.
10. No Deficiency Judgments. Borrower shall have no personal liability tor payment of the debt secured by thrs
Security Instrument. Lender may enforce the debt only through sale ot`the Property. Lender shall not be permitted to
obtain a deiiciencyjudgment against Borrower ifthe Security Instrument is foreclosed.
ll. Reinstatement. Borrower has a right to be reinstated it`Lender has required immediate payment in full. This right
applies even after foreclosure proceedings are instituted. To reinstate this Security Instrument, Borrower shall correct
the condition which resulted in the requirement for immediate payment in lull. Foreclosure costs and reasonable and
customary attorrreys' fees and expenses properly associated with a foreclosure proceeding shall be added to the
principal balance. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security Instrument and the obligations that it secures shall
remain in effect as if Lender had not required immediate payment in hill. However, Lender is not required to permit
reinstatement if: (i) Lender has accepted reiirstatement after the commencement of foreclosure proceedings within two
(2) years immediately proceeding the commencement of a current foreclosure proceeding, (ii) reinstatement will
preclude foreclosure on different grounds in the future, or (iii) reinstatement will adversely atiect the priority ofthe
Security Instrument.
l2. Second Lien Status
(a) Modification. Borrower agrees to extend this Security Instrument in accordance with this Paragraph I2(a). If
Lender determines that the original lien status ofthe Security Instrument isjeopardized under state law (including
bttt not limited to situations where the amount secured by the Security Instrument equals or exceeds the maximum
principal amount stated or the maximum period under which loan advances retain the same lien priority initially
granted to loan advances has expired) and state law permits the original lien status to be maintained tor ftrture loan
advances through the executicn and recordation of one or more documents, then Lender shall obtain title evidence
WA 2i"` Deed of'I`r.ist
Page 4
08/27/2008 03:589
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIlllllll »··· r =·· ==
SERVIOELINK DT 55.00 Pacific Cc. HR

at Borrowers expense. lf tre title evidence indicates that the Property is not encumbered by any liens (except the
First Security Instrument described in Paragraph l3(a), this Second Security Instrume nt and any subordinate liens
that the Lerder determines will also be subordinate to any future loan advances), Lender shall request the Borrower
to execute such documents. lf state law does not permit the original lien status to be extended to future loan
advances. Borrower will be deemed to have failed to have performed an obligation under this Security Instrument.
(b) Tax Deferral Programs. Borrower shall not participate in a real estate tax deferral program, if any liens created by
the tax deferral are not subordinate to this Security Instrument.
(c) Prior Liens. Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument unless
Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the Iier in a manner acceptable to
Lender; (0) contests in good faith the lien by, or defends against enforcement ofthe lien in, legal proceedings
which in the Lender's opinion operate to prevent the enforcement of the lien or forfeiture of any part of the
Property; or (c) secures from the holder ofthe lien an agreement satisfactory to Lender subordinating the lien to all
amounts secured by this Security Instrument. lf Lender determines that any part ofthe Property is subject to a lien
which may attain priority or er this Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying the lien.
Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take one or more ofthe actions set forth above within ten (IO) days ofthe giving
of notice.
I3. Relationship to First Security Instrument.
(a) Second Security Instrument. In order to secure payments which the Secretary may make to or on behalf of
Borrower pursuant to Section 255(i)(l)(A) ofthe National Housing Act and the Loan Agreement, the Secretary has
required Borrower to execute a Second Note and this Second Security Instrument. Borrower has also executed a
First Note and First Security ’nstrument.
(b) Relationship of First and Second Security Instruments. Payments made by the Secretary shall not be included
in the debt under the First Note unless:
(i) The First Security I isrnrment is assigned to the Secretary; or
(ii) 'The Secretary accepts reimbursement by the holder of the First Note for all payments made by the
Secretary.
If the circumstances described in (i) or (ii) occur, then all payments by the Secretary. including interest on the
payments. but excluding late charges paid by the Secretary, shall be included in the debt under the First Note.
(c) Effect on Borrower. Where there is no assignment or reimbursement as described in (brii) or (ii) and the Secretary
makes payments to Borrower. then Borrower shall not:
(i) Ile required to pay amounts owed under the First Note, or pay any rents and revenues ofthe Property
under Paragraph 19 to the holder of the First Note or a receiver of the Property, until the Secretary has
required payment in full ofall outstanding principal and accrued interest under the Second Note; or
(ii) Be obligated to pay interest or shared appreciation under the First Note at any time, whether accrued
before or after the payments by the Secretary, and whether or not accrued interest: has been included in
the principal balance under the First Note.
(d) No Duty ofthe Secretary. The Secretary has no duty to the holder ofthe of the First Note to enforce covenants of
the Second Security Instrurnerrt or to take actions to preserve the value of the Property, even though the holder of
W/\ 2"° Deed of T1 ust
Page 5
Pag•: 6 of 13
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll   ....  
DT 55.00 Pacific Cc. NP
$ERvtcEt.1Nl<

the First Note may be unabl; to collect amounts owed under the First Note because of restrictions in this Paragraph
13.
(e) Restrictions on Enforcement. Notwithstanding anything else in this Security Instrument, the Borrower shall not
be obligated to comply with the covenants hereof, and Paragraph 19 shall have no force and effect. whenever there
is no outstanding balance under the Second Note,
14. Forbearance by Lender Not a Waiver. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or remedy shall not
be a waiver oi`or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy.
15. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability. Borrower may not assign any rights or obligations
under this Security Instrument or under the Second Note, except to a trust that meets the requirements ofthe Secretary.
Borrowers covenants and agreements shall bejoint and several.
16. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by delivering it or by
mailing it by tirst class mail unle  applicable law requires use of another method. The notice shall be directed to the
Property Address or any other address all Borrowers jointly designate. Any notice to the Secretary shall be given by
first class mail to the HUD Field Office with jurisdiction over the Property or any other address designated by the
Secretary. Any notice provided for in this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower or
Lender when given as provided in this Paragraph 16.
17. Governing Law; Severability. This Security Instrument shall be govemed by Federal law and the law of the
jurisdiction in which the Property is located. In the event that any provision or clause ofthis Security Instrument or the
Second Note conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or
the Second Note which can be git en effect without the conflicting provision. To this end the provisions ofthis Security
Instrument and the Second Note are declared to be severable.
18. B0rr0wer‘s Copy. Borrower shall be given one conformed copy ofthe Second Note and this Security Instrument.
NON-UNIFOFIM COVENANTS Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
19. Assignment of Rents. Borrower unconditionally assigns and transfers to Lender all the rents and revenues of the
Property. Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender's agents to collect the rents and revenues and hereby directs each
tenant of the Property to pay the rents to Lender or Lender's agents. However, prior to Lender's Notice to Borrower of
Borrowers breach of any covenant or agreement in the Security Instrument, Borrower shall collect and receive all rents
and revenues ofthe Property as trustee for the benefit ofLender and Borrower. This assignment of rents constitutes an
absolute assignment and not an aseaignnrent for additional security only.
if Lender gives notice of breach to Borrower: (a) all rents received by Borrower shall be held by Borrower as trustee for
benefit of Lender only, to be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument; (b) Lender shall be entitled to
collect and receive all ofthe rents ofthe Property; and (c) each tenant ofthe Property shall pay all rents due and unpaid
to Lender or Lender's agent on Lender's written demand to the tenant.
Borrower has not executed any prior assignment of the rents and has not and will not perform any act that would
prevent Lender from exercising its rights under this Paragraph 19.
Lender shall not be required to enter upon, take control of or maintain the Property before or alter giving notice of
breach to Borrower. However, Lender or ajudicially appointed receiver may do so at any time there is a breach. Any
\\/A 2"‘l Deed of'l`r.rst
Page 6
lllllll Illll llll llllll Illll llllll llllll lll lllll llll llll »··· = ·»·» 13
08/27/2008 03 :589
SERVICELIHK DT 55.00 Pacific C0. HR

application of rents shall not cure or waive any default or invalidate any other right or remedy of Lender. This
assignment ofrcrrts ofthe Property shall terminate when the debt secured by this Security Instrument is paid in full.
20. Foreclosure Procedure. Lender shall bc entitled to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the rernedics provided
in this Paragraph 20, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs oftitle evidence.
For any event ofacceleration under Paragraph 9, Lender may invoke the power of sale, Lender shall give written notice
to Trustee of the occurrence of an event of default and of Lender's election to cause the Propeny to be sold. Trustee
and lender shall take such action regarding notice of sale and shall give such notices to Borrower and to other persons
as applicable law may require. A ftcr the time required by applicable law and after publication of the notice of` sale.
Trustee, without demand on Bo rrower. shall sell the Property at public auction to the highest bidder at the time and
place and under the terms designated in the notice of sale in one or more parcels and in any order Trustee determines.
Trustee may postpone sale ofthe Property for a period or periods permitted by applicable law by public announcement
at the time and place fixed in the notice of sale. Lender or its designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee's deed conveying the Property without any covenant or warranty,
expressed or implied. The recitals in the 'l`rustee's deed shall be prima facie evidence of the truth ofthe statements
made therein. 'Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the following order: (a) to all expenses of the sale,
including, but not limited to, reasonable Trustees and attorneys' fees; (b) to all sums secured by this Security
Instrument; and (c) any excess tc the person or persons legally entitled to it or to the clerk ofthe superior court ofthe
county in which the sale took place.
lf Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall give of notice of sale to Borrower in the manner provided in
Paragraph I6. Lender shall publish and post the notice of sale, and the Property shall be sold in the manner prescribed
by applicable law. Lender, or its designee may purchase the Property at any sale. The proceeds ofthe sale shall be
applied in the following order: (a) to all expenses ofthe sale, including, but not limited to. reasonable attorneys' fees;
(b) to all sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) any excess tothe person or persons legally entitled to it.
21. Lien Priority. The full amount secured by this Security Instrument shall have a lien priority subordinate only to
the Full anrounl secured by the First Security Instrument.
22. Adjustable Rate Feature. Under the Note, the initial stated interest rate of Four and 26/100 percent (4.260%)
which accrues or the unpaid principal balance ("lnitial Interest Rate") is subject to change, as described below. When
the interest rate changes, the new adjusted interest rate will be applied to the total outstanding principal balance, Each
adjustment to the interest rate will be based upon the weekly average yield on United States Treasury Securities
adjusted to a constant maturity of one year ("Index")plus a margin. The Index is published in the Federal Reserve
Bulletin and made available by the United States Treasury Department in Statistical Release H.l5(5 19). lfthc Index is
no longer available, Lender will be required to use any index prescribed by the Department ofllousing and Urban
Development. The new index will have a historical movement substantially similar to the original index, and the new
index and margin will result in an annual percentage rate that is substantially similar to the rate in effect at the time the
original index becomes unavailable.
Lender will perform the calculations described below to determine the new adjusted interest rate. The interest rate may
change on August l, 2008. and on the first clay of _ and on that day ofeach succeeding year, or .._X_ the first day
of cach succeeding month (Change Date) until the loan is repaid in full.
The value of tle Index will be determined, using the most recent Index figure available thirty (30) days before the
Change Date ("Current Index"). Before each Change Date, the new interest rate will be calculated by adding a margin
\\/A 2"`[ Deed OY:-l—l`I1$l
Page 7
3 1 1 3 1 63
; B of 13
lllllllllllllllllllllllll ei., ....  
\ Go Punto Cor NR
DT 55.
SERVICELINK

to the Current Index. The sum ofthe margin plus the Current Index will be called the "tZTalculated Interest Rate" tor
each Change Date. The Calculated Interest Rate will be compared to the interest rate in eflect immediately prior to the
current Change Date (the "Existing Interest Rate).
_- Annually Adjusting Variable Rate Feature — The interest rate will never increase or decrease by
more than two percentage points (2.0%) on any single Change Date. 'l`he interest rate will never
be more than tive percentage points (5.0%) higher or lower than the initial interest rate stated in
Paragraph 2 ottlris Note.
_X_ Monthly Adjusting Variable Rate Feature — The Calculated Interest Rate will never increase
above 14.260%.
The Calculated Interest Rate will bc adjusted ifnecessary to comply with the rate limitationts) described above and wall
be in effect until the next Change Date. At any change date, ifthe Calculated Interest Rate equals the Existing Interest
Rate, the interest; rate will not change.
23. Reconveyancc. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall request Trustee to
reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security Instrument and all notes evidencing debt secured by this
Security Instrument to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the Property without warranty and without charge to thc person
or persons legally entitled to it. Such person or persons shall pay any recordation costs.
24. Substitute Trustee. ln accordance with applicable law, Lender may from time to time appoint a successor trustee
to any Trustee appointed hereunder who has ceased to act. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor trustee
shall succeed to all the title, power and duties conferred upon the Trustee herein and by apphcable law.
25. Use of Property. The propeny is not used principally for agricultural or farming purposes.
26. Obligatory Loan Advances. I.ender's responsibility to make Loan Advances under the terms ofthe Loan
Agreement, including Loan Advances of principal to Borrower as well as Loan Advances lbr irterest, MIP, Servicing
Fccs, and other charges shall be obligatory.
27. Riders to this Security Instrument. Ifone or more riders are executed by Borrower and recorded together with
this Security Instrument, the covenants of each such rider shall be incorporated into and shall amend and supplement
the covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument as if the rider(s) were a part oi` this Security Instrument.
[Check all riders 1hat are applicable].
____lg§» [ii PUD rw;;"__.Qg
Shared Appreciagqrjlidcr _ X Other __ _
WA 2"° Deed of Trust
Page 8
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll .·;rar.:.·· rr
Erwzc 8 03:
SUNK ¤T sem ¤•¤rrr¤ ca, un up

BY SIGNTNG BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained in this Security lnstmment
and in any ric.er(s) executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
Witnesses; _ __ __
Q
_.,};&zzaZ $;2;Q;-}_
0/
-·—--------—- ··- --·-·———————·—---——-—-----—---·- [Space Below This Line For Acknowledgment] -——— — ———— -· ----—--—---·--—-——————--~  
STATE OF WASHINGTON Pacific County ss:
On this day personally appeared before me   to me known to be the individual, or individuals described
in and who executed the within and toregoing instrument, and acknowledged that he/she/they signed the same as
his/her/their free and voluntary act and deed,'@_r the uses and purposes therein mentioned. Given under my hand and
oiiicial seal this QQ day ol` _‘;/U »{ ~<‘ ,20  
  ' A} »’-- / /__
{44- »· /  ;"‘·’ _
Signature oi`ot`iicer and official seul
Notary Public in and for the state of`Washington, residing at Ave!-x»·;.>z   4 I _ _
J 6**
AMEc» (J. ROBERTSON
NO TARY PUBLIC
STATE OF WASHINGTON
COMMISSION EXPIRES
MARBH 10, 2012
—"*•*¤•¤¤;.
-o-
IlllilllillilililliI|i|||i|i|I||Ii|iI||IiI||Illl »-·· = ·» ·· ·¤
08/27/2008 03:88P
SERVICELINK DT 85 .00 Pacific Cc. HR

EXHIBIT A
Exhibit A to the Deed of Trust made on June 18, 2008, by James Ala11SciIer, as his separate estate (HBUIT0W€I`Hl to
C|1i¤3g0 Tifl€ Company ("Trt Mee") for the beneHt oFJames B. Nuttcr & Company t"I.ender"). The Property is
located in tht- county ofPaci1Ic, state ot`WA, described as follows: I
Description ofP1:operty
START ING AT THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF SECTION 14, TOWNSHIP 13 NORTH, RANGE 8
WEST OF W.M., PACIFIC COUNTY, WASHINGTON;
THEENCE SOUTH 89O4Et‘37" EAST ALONG THE NORTH LINE OF SECTION 14,340 FEET TO THE
TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING;
THENCE CONTINUING SOUTH 89°48‘37" EAST 372.00 FEET TO AN INTERSECTION WITH THE
NORTHEERLY RIGHT—OT‘—WAY LINE OF THE FUESS ROAD, BEING 30 FEET FROM THE EAST
CENTEERLINE OF SAID ROAD;
THENCE SOUTH 67023‘27" WEST 260.47 FEET;
THEENCE 89.27 FEET ALONG A CURVE TO THE RIGHT HAVING A RADIUS OF 256.5 FEET AND
THROUGH AN ARC OF 19°56'30";
THENCE SOUTH 87°19‘57" WEST 43.87 FEET ALONG SAID RIGHT—OF—WAY;
THENCE NORTH 0°19‘28" WEST 122.84 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING;
EXCEPT THAT PORTION CONVEYED TO THE PACIFIC COUNTY UNDER AUDITOR‘S FILE NO.
19890, VOLUME 7809 AT PAGE 537.
APN: 13081422038
3 1 1 3163
Pngnz 11 of 13
05/27/2008 03:589
SERVICELINK DT 55.00 Pacific Co, HR

MIN:
MANUFACTURED HOME RIDER
T() MORTGAGE, DEED OF TRUST OR OTHER SECURITY INSTRUMENT
THIS MANUFACTURED HON/IE RIDER is made this June 18, 2008 is incorporated into and shall be deemed to
amend and supplement that sertain Mortgage, Deed of Trust or Other Security Instrument (the "Sccurity
Instrument") ofthe same date hereofgiven by the undersigned (the "Borrower(s)") to secure Borrower's Promissory
Note Manufactured Home Retzil Installment Contract) to The Department of Housing and Urban Development
(the "Note Holder")
ofthe same date hereof (the "Note"), and relating to the property described in the Security Instrument and located at:
12 Fuss Road, Raymond, WA 08577
The following provisions are applicable to the Security Instrument, including those marked and completed (where
applicable);
1. IZ! DESCRIPTION OF REAL PROPERTY. The description ofthe real property set forth in the Security
lnstmment is amended by the addition ofthe following:
"Together with all improvements constructed upon, affixed to or located upon the above described real propertyr
including without limitation any residential dwelling located upon or to be located thereon, which dwelling is or
may be a manufactured home, as herein below described, which manufactured home is or upon placement and
affixation shall be conclusively deemed to be real estate (the "Manufactured Home")
Make: Dartmouth Model: 28192 Serial Number: I-3251
Year Built; 1993 Width and Length:
El No Certificate ofTitle has been issued [Zi Certificate of Title No. 057134/057135
2. El MANUFACTURED l~IUl\'IE AS PERSONAL PROPERTY SECURITY. The Note is also secured by a
security interest in favor of Note llolder in the following described manufactured home ("Manufactured Home"),
which is real property described in the Security Instrument:
Make: Model: Serial Number:
Year Built: Width and Length:
E] No Certificate ofTitle has been issued I] Certificate of Title No.
3. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS ()F BORROWER(S) RELATING TO MANUFACI`UR.ED HOME.
lf Paragraph I has been marked and completed, Borrower(s) agree(s) to comply with all State and local laws and
regulations relating to the affixation of the Manufactured Home to the real property described herein including, but
not limited to, surrendering the (Zertificate of`Title (if required), obtaining any govemmental approval and executing
any documentation necessary to classify the Manufactured Home as real property under State and local law.
The Manufactured Home shall be at all times and for all purposes permanently affixed to and part of the real
property described herein and shall not be removed from said real property. Borrower(e) covenant(s) that affixing
the Manufactured Home to the real property described herein does not violate any zoning laws or other local
requirements applicable to manufactured homes,
lvIANLFACTURl€IJ HOME RIDER TO lvlt)R'l`GACE, DEED OF TRUST
OR OTHER SECURITY lNSTRlQMEN'|` Ol Y30/O3 Fom1:Ml~IDOTl
LOAN NO: 43384 LC:MHDr;rT1 FN;MHt>OT1r
Page l KW:MI—lD()TI MN-0]/13*200o
P•g•: 12 of 13
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll   .,....  
DT 55.00 Pacific Cc. Hf-I
SERV ICEL. I NK

lf Paragraph 2 has been marked and completed, Borrower(s) agree(s) and covenant(s) that the Manufactured Home
is and shall remain personal property, severable and separate from the real property described in the Security
Instrument, and agree(s) and cov<:nant(s) not to take any action, or fail to take any action, which would result in zi
change in such status,
4. SECURITY AGREEMENT AND FINANCING STATEMENT. This Security Instrument shall be a security
agreement granting Lender a first and prior security interest in all of Borrower's right, title and interest in, to and
under any personal property("Personal Property") which under and within the meaning ofthe applicable State laws
is and cannot be classified and considered real property, if any. Personal Property shall also include the
Manufactured Home described in Paragraph 2 hereof, if applicable. In the event of any foreclosure sale, whether
made by Trustee or a substitute trustee, or under judgment of the court or pursuant to a power of sale, all of the
property and Personal Property may, at the option of Lender, sold as a whole or any part thereof. lt shall not be
necessary to have present at the place of such sale the Personal Property or any part thereof Lender, as well as
'I`rustee or any substitute trustee on Lender's behalf, shall have all the rights, remedies and recourses with respect to
the Personal Property afforded to a "Secured Party" by the applicable state laws in addition to and not in limitation
of the other rights and recourse afforded Lender and/or Trustees or any substitute trustee under this Security
Instrument. Borrower(s) shall, upon demand, pay to Lender the amount of any and all expenses, including the fees
and disbursements of Lender's legal counsel and of any experts and agents which Lender may incur in connection
with: (i) the making and/or administration ofthis Security Instrument; (ii) the custody, preservation, use or operation
of, or the sale or collection from, or other realization upon any property, real and/or personal described in this
Security Instrument; (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any ofthe rights of Lender under this Security Instrument;
or (iv) the failure by Borrower(sl to perfortn or observe any provisions or covenant in this Security Instrument.
Lender may, at its election, at any time after the delivery ofthis Security Instrument, sign one or more copies of this
Security Instrument in order that such copies may be used as a financing statement under the applicable State laws.
I.ender's signature need not be acknowledged ,and is not necessary to the effectiveness hereof as a deed of trust, a
security agreement, or (unless otherwise required by applicable law) a financing statement.
5. RESPONSIBILITY POR IMPROVEMIENTS. Lender shall not be responsible for any improvements made or to
be made, or for their completion relating to the real property, and shall not in any way be considered a guarantor of
performance by any person or party providing or effecting such improvements.
6. INVALID PROVISIONS. If any provision of this Security Instrument is declared invalid, illegal or
unenforceable by a court of competent _iurisdiction, then such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions shall be
severed from this Security Instrument and the remainder enforced as if such invalic, illegal or unenforceable
provision is not 1 part ofthis Security Instrument.
Executed this day ofJune 18, 2008
(¢L} :é"*—......___ ....
(B0r@§er)
vtANUFACTtJRt,D HOME RIDER `I`O vt<>R’i‘<1AGE, DEED OF TRUST
OR OTHER sEct:R1’1 Y INSTRUMENT ot/Amo} Form; MHDOTI
LOAN NO; 43384 LC:MHDO`I` I FN:MHDOTl I
Page 2 KW:Ml—IDOTl MN-Ol/I3/2006
3 1 1 3163
08/27/20 8 03:58P
lllllllllllllllIllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllll »-·· t =¤ ·t ·=
SERVICELINK DT 55.00 Paotrte Co. HR

