WHEN FIECi0RlZ·ED, RETURN TO;
Great Northwest Federal Credit Union
301 w. wishkah St .
Q Aberdeen , WA 98520
Q
QQ
T
XB
( PACIFIC COUNTY TITLE COMPANY
@3MQ%
Grantor(s): walter A . Butler and Bonnie J. Butler , Husband and wi fe
Grantee(s): Great Northwest Federal Credit Union
Trustee: Pacific County Title C0.
Legal Description: Lot; 3 BLK 5 DIV-1 3 SURFSIDE ESTATES
*Additional Ie al descriptcn is on page 2 of document.
Assessor’s Property Tax Parcel or Account Number: 7 7 O1 3 0 O 5 0 O 3
THIS DEED OF TRUST CONTAINS A DUE-ON-SALE PROVISION AND SECURES INDEBTEDNIESS UNDER A CREDIT
AGREEMENT WHICH PROVIDES FOR A REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT AND MAY CONTAIN A VARIABLE RATE OF INTEREST.
THIS DEED OF TRUST is made this J 7 day oigune __ ___ 200 EL, __,
among the TIUSTOIZ  
___;__,__i_d__________________¥ (herein "Borrower").
gacific Qgdgnty Title_Qg;__ __ ____ (herein "Trustee"),
and the Beneficiary. <1r.ea4;_1;1¤_i;,1;hie1=;,s._t_ dJrt_t1niosn_;___ ._____,
a corporation organized and existing under the laws of §bE Un j a] CIE j dt my on
whose address is Q01 W . Wi Shka;1_§j1 , A €I.'d€€I'1[ WA   ____ __ (15- I
____________%¥___d__ ___¥__é_dd__ (herein "Lender").
IN CONSIDERATION ofthe indebtedness herein recited and the trust herein created;
TO SECURE to Lender:
(1) The repayment of all indebtedness due and to become due under the terms and conditions of the LOANLINERP
Home Equity Plan Credit Agreement and Truth-in-Lending Disclosures made by Borrower and dated the same day
as this Deed of Trust, and all modifications, amendments, extensions and renewals thereof (herein "Credit
Agreement'). Lender has agreed to make advances to Borrower under the terms ofthe Credit Agreement, which
advances will be of a revolving nature and may be made, repaid, and remade from time to time. Borrower and
© CUNA MUTUAL INSURANCE SOCFETY 1991, 2000, 02, ALL RISHTS RESERVED PAGE 1 EWASGA
3 1 1 3004
Pagaz 1 of 6
06/za/2008 cazavp
PRCOTI DT 48,00 Pacific C0. HR

Lender contemplate a series of advances to be secured by this Deed of Trust The total outstanding principal
balance owing at any onetime under the Credit Agreement (not including finance charges thereon at a rate which
may vary from time to time, and any other charges and collection costs which may be owing from time to time
under the Credit Agreemert) shall not exceed Ej fhg; g;j;imrSa¤d_1;¤_LLa;s __ ____
($_§ ____). That sum is referred to herein as the Maximum Principal Balance and referred to in the
Credit greement as the Credit Limit. The entire indebtedness under the Credit Agreement, if not sooner paid, is
due and payable mljgzg.; j 5 j years from the date of this Deed of Trust.
(2) The payment of all other sums advanced in accordance herewith to protect the security of this Deed of Trust, with
finance charges thereon at a rate which may vary as described in the Credit Agreement.
(3} Tie performance of tie covenants and agreements of Borrower herein contained;
BDRBDWEB irrevocably grants aid conveys to Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the following described property
located in l;he County of jggigg _, State of Washington:
Lot 3 in Block 5 of Surfside Estates Division NO. 13,
per Plat thereof on file in Volume H of Plata at pages
70 and 71, records of Pacific County, Washington.
which has the address of 3i 3 O·§___YBD" Place S ) __ _A_______________,
) V ( tree!
E@ii§i;___-i__%, iILi__;r, E"E§£i therein "Property Adclress");
(City) (Stale) (Zip CDGB)
TOGETHER with all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements, rights,
appurtenances anc fixtures, all of which siall be deemed to be and remain a part of the property covered by this Deed of Trust;
and all of the foregoing, together with said property (or the leasehold estate if this Deed of Trust is on a leasehold) are
hereinafter referred to as the "Property".
Complete if applicable:
This Property is part of a condominium project known as_ _ . ___-. _.._%
TiE—l;Foperty includes Borrower's unit and all Borrower’s rights in the common elements ofthe condominium project.
This Property is in a Planned Unit Development known as __ __ ___ ___.
Borrower covenants that Borrower is lawfully seised ofthe estate hereby conveyed and has the right to grant and convey
the Property, and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of record. Borrower covenants that Borrower
warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands, subject to encumbrances of record.
Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal, Finance Charges and Other Charges. Borrower shall promptly pay when due all amounts
borrowed under the Credit Agreement, all finance charges and applicable other charges and collection costs as provided in
the Credit Agreement.
2. Funds for Taxes and Insurance. Subject to applicable law, Lender, at Lender‘s option, may require Borrower to
pay to Lender on the day monthly payments of principal and finance charges are payable under the Credit Agreement, until all
sums secured by this Deed of Trusr are paid in full, a sum (herein "Funds") equal to one—twelfth ol the yearly taxes and
assessments (including condominium and planned unit development assessments, if any) which may attain priority over this
Deed of Trust, and ground rents on the Property, if any, plus one·tweltth of yearly premium installments for hazard insurance
and flood insurance, it applicable, all as reasonably estimated initially and from time to time by Lender on the basis oi
assessments and bills and reasonable estimates thereof. Borrower shall not be obligated to make such payments of Funds to
Lender to the extent that Borrower nakes such payments to the holder of a prior mortgage or deed of trust if such holder is
an institutional Lender.
PAGE 2
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll ?‘ ”°°‘* B
•9•= 2 of 6
moor: as; ,
DT esac Pa¤11E:2§:8i,4:3`47P

lf Borrower pays Funds to Lender, the Funds shall be held in an institution the deposits or accounts of which are
insured or grrararrteed by a Federal or state agency (including Lender if Lender is such an institution). Lender shall apply the
Funds to pay said taxes, assessments insurance premiums and ground rents. Lender may not charge for so holding and
applying the Funds, analyzing said account or verifying and compiling said assessments and bills, unless Lender pays
Borrower interest on the Funds and applicable law permits Lender to make such a charge. Borrower and Lender may agree in
writing at the time of execution of this Deed of Trust that interest on the Funds shall be paid to Elorrower, and unless such
agreement is made or applicable law requires such interest to be paid, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any
interest or earnings on the Funds. Lender shall give to Borrower, without charge, an annual accounting of the Funds showing
credits and deb-ts to the Funds and the purpose for which each debit to the Funds was made. The Funds are pledged as
additional security for the sums secured by this Deed of Trust.
if titer amount ot the Funds held by Lender, together with the future monthly installments of Funds payable prior
to the due dates o‘ taxes, assessments, insurance premiums and ground rents, shall exceed the amount required to pay said
taxes, assessments, insurance premiums and ground rents as they tall due, such excess shall be, at Borrower’s option, either
promptly repaid te Borrower or credited to Borrower on monthly installments of Funds. lf the amount of the Funds held by
Lender shall not be sufficient to pay Taxes, assessments, insurance premiums and ground rents as they fall due, Borrower
shall pay to Lender any amount necessary to make up the deficiency in one or more payments as Lender may require.
Upon payment in full of all sums secured by this Deed of Trust, Lender shall promptly refund to Borrower any
Funds held by Lender. lf under paragraph 22 hereof the Property is sold or the Property is otherwise acquired by Lender,
Lender shall apply, no later than im nediately prior to the sale of the Property or its acquisition by Lender, any Funds held by
Lender at the time of application as a credit against the sums secured by this Deed of Trust.
3. Application of Payments. Unless applicable law provides otherwise, all payments: received by Lender under the
Credit Agreement and paragraphs 1 and 2 hereof shall be applied by Lender first in payment of amounts payable to Lender by
Borrower under paragraph 2 hereof. second, lin the order Lender chooses) to any finance charges, other charges and
collection costs owing, and third, to the principal balance under the Credit Agreement.
4. Prior Mortgages and Deeds of Trust; Charges; Liens. Borrower shall perform all of Borrowers obligations under
any mortgage, deed of trust or other security agreement with a lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust, including
Borrower‘s covenants to make payrr ents when due. Except to the extent that any such charges or intposltions are to be made
to Lender under paragraph 2, Borrower shall pay or cause to be paid all taxes, assessments and other charges, fines acid
impositions attributable to the Property which may attain a priority over this Deed of Trust, and leasehold payments or grourd
rents, if any. Within five days after any demand by Lender, Borrower shall exhibit to Lender receipts showing that all amoirrrts
due under this paragraph have been paid when clue.
5. Hazard Insurance. Borrower shall keep the improvements now existing or hereafter erected on the Property
insured against loss by fire, hazards included within the term "extended coverage? floods, and such other hazards as Lender
may require and in such amounts and for such periods as Lender may require. Unless Lender in writing requires otherwise,
the policy shall provide insurance on a replacement cost basis in an amount not less than that necessary to comply with any
coinsurance perrcentage stipulated in the hazard insurance policy, and the amount of coverage shall be no less than the
Maximum Principal Balance plus the full amount of any lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust.
The insurance carrier providing the insurance shall be chosen by Borrower subject to approval by Lender;
provided, that such approval shall nct be unreasonably withheld. All insurance policies and renewals thereof shall bein a form
acceptable to Lender and shall incluce a standard mortgage clause in favor of and in a form acceptable to Lender. Lender shall
have the right to hold the policies and renewals thereof, subject to the terms of any mortgage, deed of trust or other security
agreement with a lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust.
ln the event of loss, Borrower shall give prompt notice to the insurance carrier and Lender. Lender may make
proof of loss if not made promptly try Borrower. All insurance proceeds are hereby assigned to Lender and shall be paid to
I-ender to the exten: of all sums secured by this Deed of Trust, subiect to the terms oi any mortgage, deed of trust or security
agreement with a lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust. Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing,
insurance proceeds shall be applied to restore or repair the Property, if it is economically feasitrle to do so.
lf the Property is abandoned by Borrower, or if Borrower fails to respond to Lender within 30 days from the date
notice is mailed by Lender to Borrower that the insurance carrier offers to settle a claim for insurance benefits, Lender is
authorized to collect and apply the insurance proceeds at Lender’s option either to restoration or repair ofthe Property or lo
the sums secured by this Deed of Trrrst.
6. Preservation and Maintenance ol Property; Leaseholds; Condominiums; Planned Unit Developments.
Borrower shall keep the Property in good repair and shall not commit waste or permit impairment or deterioration of tire
Property and shall comply with the provisions of any lease if this Deed of Trust is on a leasehold. lf this Deed of Trust is on a
unit in a condominium or a planned unit development, Borrower shall perform all of Borrowers obligations under the
declaration or covenants creating or governing the condominium or planned unit development, the by-laws and regulations of
the condominium or planned unit development. and constituent documents.
7. Prote·ction of Lender’s Security. lf Borrower fails to perform the covenants and agreements contained in this
Deed of Trust, or if any action or proceeding is commenced which nraterially affects Lender’s interest in the Property, then
Lender, at Lender’s option, upon notice to Borrower, may make such appearances, disburse sucn sums, including reasonable
attorneys’ tees. and take such action as is necessary to protect Lender’s interest. Any amounts c isbursed by Lender pursuant
PAGES
3 1 1 3004
lllllllllll llll llllll lllll llllll lllllllll lllll llll llll r·eir.r.t·..—...
DT 48.00 Pacific Cc, HR I

to this paragraph 7, with finance charges thereon, at the rate provided in the Credit Agreement, shall become additional
indebtedness of Borrower secured oy this Deed of Trust. Unless Borrower and Lender agree to other terms of payment, such
amounts shall be payable upon notice from Lender to Borrower requesting payment thereof. Nothing contained in this
paragraph 7 shall require Lender to incur any expense or take any action hereunder. Any act on taken by Lender under this
paragraph shall not cure any breach Borrower may have committed ot any covenant or agreement under this Deed of Trust.
Borrower agrees ttat Lender is subrogated to all of the rights and remedies of any prior lienor, to the extent of any payment
by Lender to such Iienor.
8. inspection. Lender may make or cause to be made reasonable entries upon and inspections of the Property,
provided that Lender shall give Borrower notice prior to any such inspection specifying reasonable cause therefor related to
Lender‘s interest in the Property.
9. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, in connection with any
condemnation or other taking of the Property, or part thereof, or for conveyance in lieu of condemnation, are hereby assigred
and shall be paid to Lender, to the extent of any indebtedness under the Credit Agreement, subject to the terms of any
mortgage, deed of trust or other security agreement with a lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust.
10. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time for payment or
modification of amortization of the sums secured by this Deed of Trust granted by Lender to any successor in interest of
Borrower shall not operate to release, in any manner, the liability of the original Borrower and Borrower‘s successors in
interest. Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against such successor or refuse to extend time for payment
or otherwise modiy amortization of the sums secured by this Deed of Trust by reason of any demand made bythe original
Borrower and Borrower's successors in interest. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right; or remedy hereunder, or
otherwise afforded by applicable law, shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any such right or remedy.
11. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Co-signers. The covenants and agreements herein
contained shall bind, and the rights hereunder shall inure to, the respective successors and assigns of Lender and Borrower,
subject to the provisions of paragraph 21 hereof. All covenants and agreements of Borrower shall be joint and several. Any
Borrower who co—signs this Deed of Trust, but does not execute the Credit Agreement, (a) is c0—signing this Deed of Trust
only to grant and convey that Borrower’s interest in the Property to 'Trustee under the terms of this Deed of Trust, (b) is not
personally liable under the Credit Agreement or under this Deed of Trust, and (c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower
hereunder may agree to extend, modify, forbear, or make any other accommodations or amendments with regard to the terrts
of this Deed of Trust or the Credit Agreement, without that Borrower’s consent and without releasing that Borrower or
modifying this Deed of Trust as to that Borrowers interest in the Property.
12. Notice. Except for any notice required under applicable law to be given in another manner, (a) any notice to
Borrower provided for in this Deed of Trust shall he given by delivering it or by mailing such notice by certified mail addressed
to Borrower at the Property Address or at such other address as Borrower may designate by notice to Lender as provided
herein, and (bl any notice to Lender shall he given by certified mail to Lenders address stated herein or to such other address
as Lender may designate by notice to Borrower as provided herein. Any notice provided for in this Deed of Trust shall he
deemed to have been given to Borrower or Lender when given in the manner designated herein.
13. Governing Law; Severability. The state and local laws applicable to this Deed of Trust shall be the laws of the
jurisdiction in which the Property is located. The foregoing sentence shall not limit the applicability of Federal law to this Deed
of Trust. ln the event that any provision or clause of this Deed of Trust or the Credit Agreement: conflicts with applicable law,
such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this Deed of Trust or the Credit Agreement which can be given effect withort
the conflicting provision, and to this end the provisions of this Deed of Trust and the Credit Agreement are declared to be
severable. As used herein, “costs“ "expenses" and "attorneys‘ fees" include all sums to the extent; not prohibited hy applicable
law or limited herein.
14. Prior Mortgage or Deed of Trust; Mloditication; Future Advance. Borrower shall not enter into any agreement
with the holder of any mortgage, deed of trust or other security agreement which has priority over this Deed of Trust by which
that security agreenent is modified, amended, extended, or renewed, without the prior written consent of the Lender.
Borrower shall neither request nor accept any future advance under a prior mortgage, deed of trust, or other security
agreement without the prior written consent of Lender.
15. Borrower’s Copy. Borrower strait be furnished a copy of the Credit Agreement and a conformed copy of this Deed
of Trust at the time of execution or after recordation hereof.
16. Rehabilitation Loan Agreement. Borrower shall fulfill all of Borrower’s obligations under any home
rehabilitation, improvement, repair, or other loan agreement which Borrower may enter into with Lender. Lender;. at Lenders
option, may require Borrower to execute and deliver to Lender, in a form acceptable to Lender, an assignment of any rights,
clams or defenses which Borrower may have against parties who supply labor, materials or services in connection wittr
improvements made to the Property.
17. Waiver of Homestead [Exemption. To the extent permitted by law, Borrower hereby waives the benefit of the
homestead exemption as to all sums secured by this Deed of Trust.
18. Waiver of Statutes of Limitzrtion. Borrower hereby waives, to the full extent permitted by law, statutes of
limitation as a defense to any demand or obligation secured by this Deed of Trust.
19. Merger. There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Deed of Trust with any other interest:
or estate in the Property at any time held by or forthe benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent of Lender.
PAGE4
31 13004
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll it-··= ·~~
"‘*‘*°T¥ or ae. oo nagigzgga uga`4-Ip

20. Notice of Transfer of the Property; Advances after Transfer. Borrower shall give notice to Lenden as provided in
paragraph 12 hereof, prior to any sale or transfer of all or part of the Property or any rights in the Property. Any person to
whom all or part of the Property or any right in the Property is sold or transferred also shalt be obligated to give notice to
Lender, as provided in paragraph 12 hereof, promptly after such transfer.
liven f Borrower transfers the Property, Borrower will continue to be obligated under the Credit Agreement and
this Deed of Trust rnless Lender releases Borrower in writing. As a condition to Lenders consent to any proposed transfer or
as a condition to the release of Borrower, Lender may require that the person to whom the Property is transferred sign an
assumption agreement satisfactory to Lender and Lender may impose an assumption fee. The assumption agreement will not
entitle the person signing it to receive advances under the Credit Agreement,
21. Transfer ofthe Property. Subject to applicable law, Lender shall have the right to accelerate, that rs, to demand
immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Mortgage or Deed of Trust, if Borrower, without the written consent of
Lender, sells or transfers all or part ofthe Property or any rights in the Property.
lf Lender exercises the option to accelerate, Lender shall give Borrower notice of acceleration in accordance with
paragraph 12 hereof. The notice stall provide a period of not less than 30 days from the date of the notice wlthin which
Borrower may pay the sums declared due. lf Borrower fails to pay those sums prior to the expiration of such period, Lender
may, without further notice or demand on Borrower, invoke any remedies permitted hy paragraph 22 hereof.
22. Default; Termination and Acceleration; Remedies. Each ofthe following events shall constitute an event of
default ("event cf default") under this Security Instrument: (1) Borrower commits fraud or makes a material
misrepresentation in connection with this Security Instrument or the Credit Agreement; (2) Borrower does not meet the
repayment terms of the Credit Agreement; or (Ii) Borrower’s action or inaction adversely affects the Lender’s rights in the
Property secured try this Security instrument. lf an event of default occurs, then prior to exercising any right or remedy
provided for ln this Security Instrument and prior to acceleration, Lender shall give notice to Borrower as provided in
paragraph 12 hereof specifying: (1) the event of default; (2) the action required to cure such event of default; (3) a date,
not less than 10 days from the date the notice is mailed to Borrower, by which such event of default must be cured; (tl)
that failure to culre such event of default on or before the date specified in the notice may result in acceleration of the
sums secured by this Deed of Trust and sale of the Property at public auction at a date not less than 120 days inthe future.
The notice shall further inform Borrower of (i) the right to reinstate after acceleration, (ii) the right to bring a court action
to assert the nonexistence of an event ol defaullt or any other defense of Borrower to acceleration and foreclosure, and
(iii) any other matters required to he included in such notice by applicable law. lf the event of default is not cured on or
before the date specified in the notice, tender at Lender’s option may declare all ofthe sums secured by this Deed of
`Trust to be immediately due and payable witlhout further demand and may invoke the power of sale and any other
remedies permitted by applicable law. Lender shall be entitled to collect all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in
pursuing the remedies provided in this paragraph 22, including, hut not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees.
lf Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall give written notice to Trustee of the occurrence of an event
of default and of Lender’s election to cause the Property to be sold. Trustee and Lender shall talre such action regarding
notice of sale and shall give such notices to Borrower and to other persons as applicable law may require. After the lapse
of such time as may he required by applicable law and after publication ofthe notice of sale, Trustee, without demand
on Borrower, shall sell the Property at public auction to the highest bidder at the time and place and under the terms
designated in the notice of sale in one or more parcels and in such order as Trustee may determine. Trustee may postpone
sale ofthe Property for a period or periods not exceeding a total of 120 days by public announcement at the time and
place fixed in the notice of sale. Lender or LenrIer’s designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee’s deed conveying the Property so sold without any covenant or
warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee’s deed shall be prima facie evidence of the truth of the
statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds ofthe sale inthe following order: (a) to all reasonable costs
and expenses of the sale, including, brit not limited to, reasonable Trustee’s and attorneys fees and costs of title
evidence; (h) to all sums secured by this lleed oli Trust; and (c) the excess, if any, tothe person or persons legally entitled
thereto, or to the Clerk of the Superior court ofthe County in which the sale took place.
23. Borrowers Flight to Beirsstate. Notwithstanding Lender's acceleration of the sums secured by this Deed of Trust,
due to an event of default, Borrower shall have the right to have any proceedings begun by Lender to enforce t;hls Deed ol
Trust discontinuec at any time prior to the eleventh day before sale of the Property pursuant to tne power of sale contained in
this Deed of Trust if: (a) Borrower pays Lender all sums which would be then due under this Deed of Trust and the Credit
Agreement had no acceleration occurred; (ti) Borrower cures all events of default contained in thls Deed of Trust; (c) Borrower
pays all reasonable expenses incurred by Lender and Trustee in enforcing the covenants and agreements of Borrower
contained in this Deed of Trust, and in enforcin  Lender's and Trustee‘s remedies as provided in paragraph 22 hereof.
including, but not aimited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees; and (d) Borrower takes such action as Lender may reasonably require
to assure that the lien of this Deed of Trust, Lender’s interest in the Property and Borrower's obligation to pay the sums
secured by this Deed of Trust shall continue unimpaired. Upon such payment and cure by Borrower, this Deed of Trust and
the obligations secured hereby shall remain in full force and effect as if no accelerat;ion had occurred.
24. Fteconveyance. This Deed of Trust secures a revolving line of credit and advances may be made, repaid, and
remade from time to time, under the terms of the Credit Agreement. When Borrower (1) has paid all sums secured by this
Deed of Trust and (2) has requested that the revolving line of credit be canceled, Lender shall reriuest Trustee to reconvey the
PAGE 5
3 1 13004
P•g•: 5 of 6
06/23/zoos 03:47P
PRCOTI DT 48.00 Pacific Co. H9

Property and shal surrender this Deed of Trust and the Credit Agreement. Trustee shall reconvey the Property without
warranty to the person or persons legally entitled thereto. To the extent permitted by law, Lender may charge Borrower a lee
for such release ard require Borrower to pay costs of recordation, if any.
25. Subsl·ilute Trustee. In accordance with applicable law, Lender may from time to time appoint a successor trustee
to any Trustee app ainted hereunder who has ceased to act. Without conveyance of the Property, the successor trustee shall
succeed to all the title, power and dities conferred upon the Trustee herein and by applicable law.
26. llse of Property. The Properly is not used principally for agricultural or farming purposes.
___ REOUEST FOR NOTICE OF DEFAULT AND FORECLOSURE ___
UNDER SUPERIOR MORTGAGES OR DEEDS OF TRUST
Borrower and Lender request; the holder of any mortgage, deed of trust or other encumbrance with a lien which
has priority over this Deed of Trust to give Notice to Lender, at Lender's address set forth on page one of this Deed of Trust,
of any default under the superior encumbrance and of any sale or other foreclosure action.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has executed this Deeilj Trust  
-.(   »—¤EL_;EZZ.U%5Bi¤|)
, ( # OFIOINIBV
;(@_@#€¢7,j e LL£%.A7éL?;!Aié§22il)
STATE OF WASHINGTON, Gf&y¤;§%§§>_Q1` Count; ss:
On this I 7 Jay of igne _, 0 08, before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public
in and_for the Stale ol Washington, duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared Wal i1§gg§;_j9§_“ ____
B§U§§i_§[@£___,__________ _ , to me known to he the individual(s) described
in and who executed the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged to me that EQ2! _ LE_ signed and sealed
the said instrument as I; lg gir ____ free and voluntary act and deed, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.
WITNESS my hand and official seal affixed the day and year i yds certificate above wr'tten. g
My Commission expires: 7*%/ Z     a_..___eLL
Notary Public in and for the Slate of Washington residi at
TO TRUSTEE: REQUEST FOR RECONVEYANCE
The undersigned is the holder of the- Credit Agreement secured by this Deed ol Trust. Said Credit Agreement, together
with all other indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust, have been paid in full. You are hereby directed to cancel said Credit
Agreement and this Deed of Trust, which are delivered hereby, and to reconvey, without warranty, all the estate now held by
you under this Deed of Trust to the person or persons legally entitled thereto.
Dated: ___ ____%_____,g_____ ___ ____;______%W,_______g
°*`\'~*iI"`m`   ii ' Int ·
as  
_; agss p ly",
:: 5*
i §o - . - nl; ,
ii z .: F
g a 4 q, ar E
1»‘&°’·s,_' )"¤\-‘ , {gs
•y .0 _\ IL ,g_ '
I
PAGE 6
5:};; 6 cf 6
llllllllllllllllllllll ‘:""·°°*
; 3 2008 :
PRCOTI DT 48.00 Pacific Cc. Liga rrp

