After Recording Return To:
SEATTLE MORTGAGE c0MI>ANY
CIO BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
11120 NE 33RD PLACE, suI1‘E 200
QI BELLEVUE, WA 98004
N5
{ Prepared By:
I5 Bank of America, N.A.
Q-/> 11120 NE 33rd Place, Suite 200 _ , _ ‘
¤¤···=v¤·=1 WA ¤¤¤¤· First Itmtancan Title Insurance (10,
1 1 an UI 1 8>
— Space Above This Line For Recording Data 1 _
State of Washington FHA Case Nurnber:561-8632648-952
Loan Number:4528519
ADJUSTABLE RATE
HOME EQUITY CONVERSION SECOND DEED OF TRUST
Reference Number(s) of Related D0curnent(s):
Grantor(s):
Barbara A Bate, a single woman
Grantee(s):
Department of Housing and Urban Development , _ U m ,,,,5.
“Yrus3rc<> i Senior CN `1·:j1¢‘-` An ikpewnw ,11 at Row`- ng- ¢‘*"** UL"~“”* DL " Q P t
Abbreviatecl L.egaI Description; `
LOT 576, OCEAN PARK, PACIFIC COUNTY
Additional Legal Description is on Page 2 of Document
Assess0r’s Property Tax Parcel Number or Account Number:
75016000576
Mortgage Cadence Inc © - 0299 (03/06) 1
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 3**3*33
zgfzghgnof 11
- 8 :
FIRHTI DT 53,00 Pactfto Cn, HA! can

THIS DEED OF TRUST ("Security Instrument" or "Second Security Instrument") is made on June 23,
2008 ("Dat;e"). The trustor is Barbara A Bate, a single woman whose address is 24908 Park Avenue
Ocean Parliz, WA 98640 ("Borrower"). The trustee is Senior Official with responsibility for Single
Family Mortgage Insurance Programs in the Department of Housing and Urban Development Field
Office with jurisdiction over the property described below, or a designee of that Official ("Trustee").
The beneficiary is the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, whose address is 451 Seventh
Street, SW, Washington, DC 20410 ("Lender" or "Secretary"). Borrower has agreed to repay to Lender
amounts which Lender is obligated to advance, including future advances, under the terms of a Home
Equity Conversion Loan Agreement dated the same date as this Security Instrument ("Loan Agreement").
The agreement to repay is evidenced by Borrower's Note dated the same date as this Security Instrument
("Second Note"). This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment of the debt evidenced by
the Second Note, with interest at a rate subject to adjustment, and all renewals, extensions and
modifications of the Second Note, up to a maximum principal amount of THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND
TWO HUNDRED FORTY DOLLARS AND NO CENTS (U.S. $300,240.00); (b) the payment of all other
sums, with interest, advanced under Paragraph 5 to protect the security of this Security Instrument or
otherwise due under the terms of this Security Instrument; and (c) the performance of Borrower's
covenants and agreements under this Security Instrument and the Second Note. Tlhe full debt, including
amounts described in (a), (ti), and (c) above, if not paid earlier, is due and payable on March 11, 2093.
For this purpose, Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the
following described property located in PACIFIC County, Washington:
LOT 576 IN OCEAN PARK, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE
AUDITOR OF PACIFIC COUNTY, WASHINGTON. APN #75016000576
which has the address of: 24908 Park Avenue Ocean Park, WA 98640 ("Property Address").
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements.
rights, appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and additions
shall also be covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is relerred to in this Security
Instrument as the "Property."
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby conveyed and has the
right to grant and convey the Property and that the Property is only encumberecl by a First Security
Instrument given by Borrower and dated the same date as this Security Instrument ("First Security
Instrument"). Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and
demands, subject to any encumbrances of record.
THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non-uniform
covenants with limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real
property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal and Interest. Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and interest on,
the debt evidenced by the Second Note.
2. Payment of Property Charges. Borrower shall pay all property charges consisting of taxes,
ground rents, flood and hazard insurance premiums, and special assessments in a timely manner,
and shall provide eviclence of payment to Lender, unless Lender pays property charges by
withhold ng funds from monthly payments due to the Borrower or by charging such payments to a
Mortgage Cadence Inc © · 0299 (03/06) 2
3 1 1 31 36
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »--· =   ~·
06/227/2008 11:009
rmrrrt or sa.00 Pacific ce. un

line of credit as provided for in the Loan Agreement. Lender may require Borrower to pay specified
property charges directly to the party owed payment even though Lender pays other property
charges as provided in this Paragraph.
3. Fire, Flood and Other Hazard Insurance. Borrower shall insure all imprevernents on the Property,
whether now in existence or subsequently erected, against any hazards, casualties, and
contingencies, including hre. This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts, to the extent ancl
for the periods required by Lender. Borrower shall also insure all improvements on the Property,
whether now in existence or subsequently erected, against loss by floods to the extent required by
Lender. The insurance policies and any renewals shall be held by Lender and shall include loss
payable clauses in favor of, and in a form acceptable to, Lender.
ln the event of loss, Borrower shall give Lender immediate notice by mail. Lender may make prool`
of loss if not made promptly by Borrower. Each insurance company concerned is hereby authorized
and directed to make payment for such loss to Lender, instead of to Borrower and Lender jointly.
insurance proceeds shall be applied to restoration or repair of the damaged Property, if the
restoration or repair is economically feasible and Lender's security is not lessened. If the restoration
or repair is not economically feasible or Lender's security would be lessened, the insurance
proceeds shall be applied hrst to the reduction of any indebtedness under the Second Note and this
Security Instrument. Any excess insurance proceeds over an amount required to pay all
outstanding indebtedness under the Second Note and this Security Instrument shall be paid to the
entity legally entitled thereto.
ln the event of foreclosure of this Security instrument or other transfer of title to the Property that
extinguishes the indebtedness, all right, title and interest of Borrower in and to insurance policies in
force shall pass to the purchaser.
4. Occupancy, Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Borrower's Loan
Application; Leasehclds. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower's
principal residence after the execution of this Security Instrument and Borrower (or at least one
Borrower, if initially more than one person are Borrowers) and shall continue to occupy the Property
as Borrower's principal residence for the term of the Security Instrument. "Principal residence" shall
have the same meaning as in the Loan Agreement.
Borrower shall not commit waste or destroy, damage or substantially change the Property or allow
the Property to deteriorate, reasonable wear and tear excepted. Borrower shall also be in default if
Borrower, during the loan application process, gave materially false or inaccurate information or
stateme·nts to Lender (or failed to provide Lender with any material information) in connection with
the loan evidenced by the Note, including, but not limited to, representations concerning Borrowers
occupancy of the Property as a principal residence. If this Security Instrument is on a leasehold,
Borrower shall comply with the provisions of the lease. If Borrower acquires fee title to the Property,
the leasehold and fee title shall not be merged unless Lender agrees to the merger in writing.
5. Charges to Borrower and Protection of Lender's Rights in the Property. Borrower shall pay all
govemmental or municipal charges, fines and impositions that are not included in Paragraph 2.
Borrower shall pay these obligations on time directly to the entity which is owed the payment. lf
failure to pay would adversely affect Lender's interest in the Property, upon Lender's request
Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender receipts evidencing these payments. Borrower shall
promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument in the manner provided
in Paragraph 12(c).
Mortgage Cadence lnc © - 0299 (03/06) 3
3 1 I 3 1 36
llllllIllllIlllIllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »·-· =   ~·
08/27/2008 11:00R
FIRHTI DT 53.00 Pacific Cc. HR

lf Borrower fails to make these payments or the property charges required by Paragraph 2, or fails
to perform any other covenants and agreements contained in this Security Instrument, or there is ea
legal proceeding that may slgniticantly affect Lender's rights in the Property (such as a proceeding
in bankruptcy, for condemnation or to enforce laws or regulations), therr Lender may do and pay
whatever is necessary to protect the value of the Property and Lender's rights in the Property,
including payment of taxes, hazard insurance and other items mentioned n Paragraph 2.
To protect Lender's security in the Property, Lender shall advance and charge to Borrower all
amounts due to the Secretary for the Mortgage Insurance Premium as detined in the Loarr
Agreement as well as all sums clue to the loan servicer for servicing activities as detined in the
Loan Agreement. Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this Paragraph shall become an
additional debt of Borrower as provided for in the Loan Agreement and shall be secured by this
Security Instrument.
6. Inspection. Lender or its agent may enter on, inspect or make appraisals of the Property in a
reasonable manner and at reasonable times provided that Lender shall give the Borrower notice
prior to any inspection or appraisal specifying a purpose for the inspection or appraisal which must
be related to Lender's interest in the Property. lf the Property is vacant or abandoned or the loan is
in default, Lender may take reasonable action to protect and preserve such vacant or abandoned
Property without notice to the Borrower.
7. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, in
connection with any condemnation or other taking of any part of the Property, or for conveyance in
place of condemnation, shall be paid to Lender. The proceeds shall be applied tirst to the reduction
of any indebtedness under the Second Note and this Security Instrument. Any excess proceeds
over an amount required to pay all outstanding indebtedness under the Second Note and this
Security Instrument shall be paid tothe entity legally entitled thereto.
8. Fees. l.ender may cc·lIect fees and charges authorized by the Secretary hor the Home Equity
Conversion Mortgage Insurance Program.
9. Grounds for Acceleration of Debt.
(a) Due and Payable. Lender may require payment-in—full of all sums secured by this Security
Instrument if:
(i) A Borrower dies and the Property is not the principal residence of at least one surviving
Borrower; or
(ii) All of a Borrower's title in the Property (or his or her beneficial nterest in a trust owning
all or part of the Property) is sold or otherwise transferred and rro other Borrower retains
title to the Property in fee simple or retains a leasehold under a lease for less than 99
years which is renewable or a lease having a remaining period of not less than 50 years
beyond the date of the 100th birthday of the youngest Borrower or retains a life estate,
(or retaining; a beneficial interest in a trust with such an interest in the Property): or
(iii) The Property ceases to be the principal residence of a Borrower for reasons other than
death and the Property is not the principal residence of at least one other Borrower; or
Mortgage Cadence inc ©- 0299 (D3/OE) 4
lllllll lllll llll llllll lllll llllll Illlll lll lllll llll llll is .· ··»  
. 7/ 008 11:00n
FIRM! ¤t sam r=¤¤m¤ c¤. un

(iv) For a period of longer than 12 consecutive months, a Borrower fails to occupy the
Property because of physical or mental illness and the Property is not the principal
residence of at least one other Borrower; or
(v) An obligation of the Borrower under this Security Instrument is not performed.
(b) Notice to Lencler. Borrower shall notify the Lender whenever any of the events listed in
Paragraph 9(a)(ii)-(v) occur.
(c) Notice to Borrower. Lender shall notify Borrower whenever the loan becomes due and
payable under Paragraph 9(a)(ii)-(v). Lender shall not have the right to commence
foreclosure until Borrower has had 30 days after notice to either:
(i) Correct the matter which resulted in the Security Instrument coming due and payable;
or
(ii) Pay the balance in full; or
(iii) Sell the Property for the lesser of the balance or 95% of the appraised value and apply
the net proceeds of the sale toward the balance; or
(iv) Provide the Lender with a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure.
(d) Trusts. Conveyance of a Borrower's interest in the Property to za trust which meets the
requirements of the Secretary, or conveyance of a trust's interests in the Property to a
Borrower, shall not be considered a conveyance for purposes of this Paragraph 9. A trust
shall not be considered an occupant or be considered as having aa principal residence for
purposes of this Paragraph 9.
10. No Deficiency Judgments. Borrower shall have no personal liability for payment of the debt
secured by this Security Instrument, Lender may enforce the debt only through sale of the Property.
Lender shall not be permitted to obtain a deficiency judgment against Borrower if the Security
instrument is foreclosed.
11. Reinstatement. Borrower has a right to be reinstated if Lender has required immediate
paymentein-full. This right applies even after foreclosure proceedings are instituted. To reinstate
this Security Instrument, Borrower shall correct the condition which resulted in the requirement for
immediate payment—in—t’uIl. Foreclosure costs and reasonable and customary attorney's fees and
expenses properly associated with the foreclosure proceeding shall be added to the principal
balance. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security Instrument and the obligations that it
secures shall remain in effect as if Lender had not required immediate payment-in-full. However.
Lender is not required to permit reinstatement if: (i) Lender has accepted reinstatement after the
commencement of foreclosure proceedings within two years immediately preceding the
commencement of a current foreclosure proceeding, (ii) reinstatement will preclude foreclosure on
different grounds in the future, or (iii) reinstatement will adversely affect the priority of the Security
instrument.
12. Lien Status.
(a) Modification. Borrower agrees to extend this Security instrument in accordance with this
Mortgage Cadence lr c © ~ 0299 (O3/06) 5
illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll ret ~·· M
/ 7/200B 11:00a
FIRHTI DT 53.00 Pnolfto Co. HR

Paragraph 12(al). lf l-ender determines that the original lien status of the Security Instrument
is jeopardized under state law (including but not limited to situations where the amount
secured by the Security Instrument equals or exceeds the maximurn principal amount stated
or the maximum period Linder which loan advances retain the same lien priority initially
granted to loan advances has expired) and state law permits the original lien status to be
maintained for future loan advances through the execution and recordation of one or more
documents, then Lender shall obtain title evidence at Borrower's expense. lf the title evidence
indicates that the property is not encumbered by any liens (except the First Security
Instrument described in Paragraph 13(a), this Second Security Instrument and any
subordinate liens that the Lender determines will also be subordinate to any future loan
advances), Lender shall request the Borrower to execute any documents necessary to
protect the lien status of future loan advances. Borrower agrees to execute such documents.
l" state law does not permit the original lien status to be extended to future loan advances,
Elorrower will be deemed to have failed to have performed an obligation under this Security
Instrument.
(b) T`ax Deferral Programs. Borrower shall not participate in a real estate tax deferral program,
il any liens created by the tax deferral are not subordinate to this Security instrument.
(c) Prior Liens. Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security
Instrument unless Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by
the lien in a manner acceptable to Lender; (b) contests in good faith the lien by, or defends
against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings which in the Lender's opinion operate to
prevent the enforcement of the lien or forfeiture of any part of the Property; or (c) secures
from the holder of the lien an agreement satisfactory to Lender subordinating the lien to ali
amounts secured by this Security Instrument. If Lender determines that any part of the
Property is subject to a lien which may attain priority over this Security Instrument, Lender
may give Borrower a notice identifying the lien. Borrower shalt satisfy the lien or take one or
more of the actions set forth above within 10 days of the giving of notice.
13. Relationship to First Security Instrument.
(a) Second Security Instrument. In order to secure payments which the Secretary may make to
or on behalf of Borrower pursuant to Section 255(i)(‘l)(A) of the National Housing Act and the
Loan Agreement, the Secretary has required Borrower to execute a Second Note and this
Second Security Instrument. Borrower also has executed a First Note and First Security
Instrument.
(b) Relationship of First and Second Security Instruments. Payments made by the Secretary
shall not be included in the debt under the First Note unless:
ifi) The First Security Instrument is assigned to the Secretary; or
(ii}- The Secretary accepts reimbursement by the holder of the First Note for all payments
made by the Secretary.
lf the circumstances described in (i) or (ii) occur, then all payments by the Secretary,
including interest on the payments but excluding late charges paid by the Secretary, shall be
included in the debt under the First Note.
Mortgage Cadence Inc © - 0299 {03/06) 6
08/27/2008 Hat :000
lllllllllllllllll ···· r »~· M
ttl Co.
FIRHTI DT 6:+.00 Pao o

(c) Effect on Borrower. Where there is no assignment or reimbursement as described in (b)(i)
or (ii) and the Secretary makes payments to Borrower, then Borrower shall not:
(i) Be required to pay amounts owed under the First Note, or pay any rents and revenues
of the Property under Paragraph 19 to the holder of the First Note or a receiver of the
Property, until the Secretary has required payment-in—full of all outstanding principal
and accrued interest under the Second Note; or
(ii) Be obligated to pay interest or shared appreciation under the First Note at any time,
whether accrued before or after the payments by the Secretary, and whether or not
accrued interest has ioeen included in the principal balance under the First Note.
(d) No Duty of the Secretary. The Secretary has no duty to the holder of the First Note to
enforce covenants of the Second Security instrument or to take actions to preserve the value
of the Property, even though the holder of the First Note may be unable to collect amounts
owed under the First Note because of restrictions in this Paragraph 13.
(e) Restrictions on Enforcement. Notwithstanding anything else in this Security Instrument, the
Borrower shall not be obligated to comply with the covenants hereof, and Paragraph 19 shall
have no force and effect, whenever there is no outstanding balance Jnder the Second Note.
14. Forbearance by Lender Not a Waiver. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or
remedy shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy.
15. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability. Borrower may not assign any
rights or obligations under this Security Instrument or the Second Note, except to a trust that meets
the requirements ofthe Secretary. Borrower's covenants and agreements shall be joint and several
16. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by delivering
it or by mailing it by first class mail unless applicable law requires use of another method. The
notice shall be directed to the Property Address or any other address all Borrowers jointly
designate. Any notice to the Secretary shall be given by first class mail to the l-IUD Field Office with
jurisdiction over the Property or any other address designated by the Secretary. Any notice
provided for in this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower or Lender
when given as provided in this Paragraph 16.
17. Governing Law; Severability. This Security instrument shall be governed by Federal law and the
law of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. ln the event that any provision or clause of
this Security Instrument or the Second Note conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not
affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or the Second Note which can be given effect
without the conflicting provision. To this end the provisions of this Security instrument and the
Second Note are declared to be severable.
18. Borrower's Copy. Borrower shall be given one conformed copy of the Second Note and this
Security instrument.
NON-UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
19. Assignment of Rents. Borrower unconditionally assigns and transfers to Lender all the rents and
revenues of the Property. Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender's agents to collect the rents and
Mortgage Cadence Inc © - 0299 (O3/06) 7
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll rr-e.·r.~· M
8 :
Perri DT Sm p...r.. G., ..é‘ °°"

revenues and hereby directs each tenant of the Property to pay the rents to Lender or Lenders
agents. However, prior to Lender’s notice to Borrower of Borrower's breach of any covenant or
agreement in the Security Instrument, Borrower shall collect and receive all rents and revenues of
the Property as trustee for the benefit of Lender and Borrower. This assignment of rents constitutes
an absolute assignment and not a assignment for additional security only.
lf Lencler gives notice- of breach to Borrower: (a) all rents received by Borrower shall be held by
Borrower as trustee for beneht of Lender only, to be applied to the sums secured by this Security
Instrument; (b) Lender shall be entitled to collect and receive all of the rents ol the Property; and (c)
each tenant of the Property shell pay all rents due and unpaid to Lender or Lender’s agent on
Lender's written demand to the tenant.
Borrow·er has not executed any prior assignment of the rents and has not and will not perform any
act that would prevent Lender from exercising its rights under this Paragraph 19, except as
provided in the First Security Instrument.
Lender shall not be required to enter upon, take control of or maintain the Property before or after
giving notice of breach to Borrower. However, Lender or a judicially appointed receiver may do so
at any time there is a breach. Any application of rents shall not cure or waive any default or
invalidate any other right ·or remedy of Lender. This assignment of rents of the Property shall
terminate when the debt secured by this Security Instrument is paid in full.
20. Foreclosure Procedure. lf Lender requires immediate payment in full under Paragraph 9,
Lender may invoke the power of sale and any other remedies permitted by applicable law.
Lender shall be entitled to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided
in this Paragraph 20. including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys? fees and costs of
title e·vidence.
If Lender invokes thie power of sale, Lender shall give written notice to Trustee of the
occurrence of an event of default and of Lender’s election to cause the Property to be sold.
Trustee and Lender shall take such action regarding notice of sale and shall give such
notices to Borrower and to other persons as Applicable Law may require. After the time
required by Applicable Law and after publication of the notice of sale, Trustee, without
demand on Borrower, shall sell the Property at public auction to the highest bidder at the
time and place and under the terms designated in the notice of sale in one or more parcels
and in any order Trustee determines. Trustee may postpone sale of the Property for a period
or periods permitted by Applicable Law by public announcement at the time and place fixed
in the notice of sale. l.ender or its designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee’s deed conveying the Property without any
covenant or warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee's deed shall be prima
facie evidence of the truth of the statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds
of the sale in the following order: (a) to all expenses of the sale, including, but not limited
to, reasonable Trustee’s and attorneys’ fees; (b) to all sums secured by this Security
Instrument; and (c) any excess to the person or persons legally entitled to it or to the clerk
of the superior court of the county in which the sale took place.
21. Lien Priority. The full amount secured by this Security Instrument shall have lien priority
subordinate only to the full amount secured by the First Security Instrument.
Mortgage Cadence inc © - 0299 (03/06) 8
3 1 1 3 1 36
: 8 of 11
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll ze., ....  
DT 53.00 Paollto Co, HR
Frnnrt

22. Adjustable Rate Feaiture. Under the Second Note, the initial stated interest rate of 4.01% which
accrues on the unpaid principal balance ("lnitial Interest Rate") is subject to change, as described
below. When the interest rate changes, the new adjusted interest rate will be applied to the total
outstanding principal balance. Each adjustment to the interest rate will be based upon the weekly
average yield on United States Treasury Securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one
year., as made available by the Federal Reserve Board in Statistical Release H.15 (519}
("lndex") plus a margin. If the Index is no longer available, Lender will use as a new Index any
index prescribed by the Secretary. Lender will give Borrower notice ofthe new Index.
Lender will perform the calculations described below to determine the new adjusted interest rate.
The interest rate may change on the Hrst day of September 2008, and on [] that day of each
succeeding year [X] the first day of each succeeding month ("Change Date") until the loan is repaid
in full.
The value of the Index will be determined, using the most recent index figure available thirty (30)
days before the Change Date ("Current Index"). Before each Change Date, the new interest rate
will be calculated by adding a margin to the Current Index. The sum ofthe margin plus the Current
Index will be called the "Calculated Interest Rate" for each Change Date. The Calculated Interest
Rate will be compared to the interest rate in effect immediately prior to the current Change Date
(the "Existing Interest Rate").
[] Annually Adjusting Variable Rate Feature. The Calculated Interest Rate cannot be more
than 2.0% higher or lower than the Existing Interest Rate, nor can it be more than 5.0% higher
or lower than the Initial Interest Rate.
[X] Monthly Adjusting Variable Rate Feature. The Calculated Interest Rate will never increase
above Fourteen and 01/100'zs percent (14.01%).
The Calculated Interest Rate will be adjusted if necessary to comply with these rate limitation(s)
and will be in effect until the next Change Date. At any Change Date, if the Calculated Interest Rate
equals the Existing Interest Rate, the interest rate will not change.
23. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall
request Trustee to reconvey the Property and shall surrenderthis Security Instrument and all notes
evidencing debt secured by this Security Instrument to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the
Property without warranty to the person or persons legally entitled to it. Such person or persons
shall pay any recordation costs and the Trustee’s fee for preparing the reconveyance.
24. Substitute Trustee. ln accordance with Applicable Law, Lender may from time to time appoint a
successor trustee to any Trustee appointed hereunder who has ceased to act. Without conveyance
of the F'roperty, the successor trustee shall succeed to all the title, power and duties conferred
upon Trustee herein and by Applicable Law.
25. Use of Property. The Property is not used principally for agricultural purposes.
26. Attorneys’ Fees. Lender shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees and costs in any
action or proceeding to construe or enforce any term of this Security Instrument. The term
"attorneys’ fees," whenever used in this Security Instrument, shall include without limitation
attorneys fees incurred by Lender in any bankruptcy proceeding or on appeal.
Mortgage Cadence Inc© ~ 0299 (03/06) 9
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll gs.-: »-· ··
., _ '//2008 ttsc n
F.Fll*ITI DI' 53,00 Paelftc Co. HR

27. Riders to this Security Instrument. lf one or more riders are executed by B·orrower and recordecl
together with this Security Instrument, the covenants of each such rider shall be incorporated into
and shall amend and supplement the covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument as il
the rider(s) were a pan of this Security Instrument. [Check applicable box(es).]
[] Condominium Rider [] Planned Unit Development Rider
[] Shared Appreciation Rider   Other
ORAL AGREEMENTS OR ORAL COMMITMENTS TO LOAN MONEY, EXTEND CREDIT, OR TO
FORBEAR FROM ENFORCING REPAYMENT OF A DEBT ARE NOT ENFORCEABLE UNDER
WASHINGTON LAW.
Mortgage Cadence lnc©— 0299 (03/06) 10
3 1 1 3 136
P•g•: 1¤ of 11
08/27/2008 11:009
FIRHTI DT 53.00 Pacific CO. HR

BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained in
this Security Instrument and in any rider(s) executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
v
/@,44944a/Z-, 4572425
Barbara if Bate
__ Space Below This Line For Acknowledgment ____ _
State of Wasvigton
/*7 3  
County _¢g) C,/·"` __
I certify thaylyw or have satisfactorygdence th t
__Q____ __._____ ___,____ *~
name of person) is the person who appeared before me  nd said person acknowledged that (heégl )
signed this instrument and acknowledged it to be (hi @ ree and voluntary act for the uses and
purposes mentioned in the instrument.
’ :/I . x A
Dated:__(é mf; ®`~~E;w‘¤i,,',
I. / _ ·.Z:`>?¥11\\\\\\\\\\|‘·|?tq ll]
.\ JE"? `?:»\$SIO~g.,'{p+/Z
Si   ¤ of ota 3 E8 +0 T*¢At*9t%?·Q
 yéf '   `°` EEE
  ·»\· ‘ is E
8 z‘&·?+., »;°•¤° .=_, :
*2 ’*»‘°é2··$’·‘$2»~si¤s"
My Commission expires: Z /0 /*7;, w:§`Q“y\c<,_~$`
N I \\mxx\\`·`
Mortgage Cadence lnc© - 0299 (O3/06) 11
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll gl-·-lr ~ ~· ~
/2 /200a tt anon
FMMTI nr sam n•¤m¤ c¤. we

