O
O
I"
J)
L RETURN ADDRESS:
Q Cowlitz Bank
I Cowlitz Financial Center
Dt PO eax 1518
‘~` Longview. WA 98632
PACIFIC COUNTY TITLE COIVIPANY
`> .
(eb 9 SSO
DEED OF TRUST
DATE: June 19, 2008
Reference # (if applicable): 82380-E Additional on page ______
Grantoris):
1. l\/lcl\/Iahon, John
2. l\/ich/iahon, Kathryn J.
Granteels)
1. Cowlitz Bank
2. Pacific County Title Co., Trustee
Legal Description: LOT 4 BLK 2 ELNIS 1ST ADD
Additional on page _____U_
Assessor‘s Tax Parcel ID#: `/4020002004
THIS DEED OF TRUST is dated June 19, 2008, among John McMahon, whose address is
4N960 Prairie Lakes Blvd, Saint Charles, IL 60175 and Kathryn J. McMahon, whose address is
4N960 Prairie Lakes Blvd, Saint Charles, lL 60175: HUSBAND AND WIFE l"Grantor"l; Cowlitz
Bank, whose mailing address is Cowlitz Financial Center, 927 Commerce Ave , P.O. BOX 1518,
Longview, WA 98632 (referred to below sometimes as "Lender" and sometimes as
"Beneficiary"l; and Pacific County Title Co., whose mailing address is 905 West Robert Bush
Drive, South Bend, WA 98586 (referred to below as "Trustee").
  IlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllllllll »--· l ···»
06/25/2008 03:30P
Pacon or area Pacific co. un

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 740801004 (Continued) Page 2
CONVEYANCE AND GRANT. For valuable consideration, Grantor conveys to Trustee in trust with power of sale, right
of entry and possession and for the benefit of Lender as Beneficiary, all of Granmr's right, title, and interest in and to
the following described real property, together with all existing or subsequently erected or affixed buildings;.
improvements and fixtures; all easements, rights of way, and appurtenances; all water, water rights and ditch rights
(including stock in utilities with ditch c·r irrigation rights); and all other rights, royalties, encl profits relatin to the real
property, including without limitation all minerals, oil, gas, geothermal and similar matters, [the "Reel gr0p9rty")
located in Pacific County, State of Washington:
LOT 4 IN BLOCK 2 OF ELMl'S FIRST ADDITION, PER PLAT THEREOF FILED IN VOLUME H
OF PLATS AT PAGE 29, RECORDS OF PACIFIC COUNTY, WASHINGTON.
The Reel Property or its address is commonly known as Elm #1, B2, L4, 239th J Place, Ocean
Park, WA 98640. The Real Property tax identification number is ‘74020002004.
CROSS-COLLATERALIZATION. In addition to the Note, this Deed of Trust secures all obligations, debts and liabilities.
plus interest thereon, of Grantor to Lender, or any one or more of them, as well as all claims by Lender against Grantor
or any one or more of them, whether now existing or hereafter arising. whether related or unrelated to the purpose of
the Note, whether voluntary or otherwise, whether due or not due, direct or indirect, determined or undetermined,
absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether Grantor may be liable individually or jointly with others,
whether obligated as guarantor, surety, accommodation party or otherwise, and whether recovery upon such amounts
may be or hereafter may become oarrecl by any statute of limitations, and whether the obligation to repay such amounts
may be or hereafter may become otherwise unenforceable.
Grantor hereby assigns as security to Lender, all of Grantor's right, title, and interest in and to all leases, Rents, and
profits of the Property. This assignment is recorded in accordance with RCW 65.08.070; the lien created by this
assignment is intended to be specific, perfected and choate upon the recording of this Deed of Trust. Lender grants to
Grantor a license to collect the Rents and profits, which license may be revoked at Lenders option and shall be
automatically revoked upon acceleration of all or part of the Indebtedness.
THIS DEED OF TRUST, INCLUDING THE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE RENTS AND
PERSONAL PROPERTY, IS GIVEN TO SECURE IA) PAYMENT OF THE INDEBTIEDNESS AND IB) PERFORMANCE OF
ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTE, THE RELATED DOCUMENTS, AND THIS DEED OF TRUST. THIS
DEED OF TRUST IS GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE FOLLOWING TERMS:
PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall pay to Lender all
amounts securecl by this Deed of Trust as they become due, and shall strictly and in a timely manner perform all of
Grantor’s obllgavons under the Note. this Deed of Trust, and the Related Documents.
POSSESSION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE PROPERTY. Grantor agrees that Grantor's possession and use of the
Property shall be governed by the following provisions:
Possession and Use. Until the occurrence of an Event of Default, Grantor may lll remain in possession and
control of the Property; (2) use, operate or manage the Property; and (Z3) collect the Rents from the Property
(this privilege is a license from Lender to Grantor automatically revoked uipon default). The following provisions
relate to the use of the Property or to other limitations on the Property. The Real Property is not used principally
for agricultural purposes.
Duty to Maintain. Grantor shall maintain the Property in good condition and promptly perform all repairs,
replacements, and maintenance necessary to preserve its value.
Compliance With Environmental Laws. Grantor represents and warrants to Lender that (T) During the period of
Grantor's ownership of the Property, there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal,
release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance by any person nn, under, about or from the Property:
(2) Grantor has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that there has been, except as previously disclosed to and
acknowledged by Lender in writing, (al any breach or violation of any [Environmental Laws, (b) any use,
generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance
on, under, about or from the Property by any prior owners or occupants of the Property, or (ci any actual or
threatened litigation or claims; of any kind by any person relating to such matters; and (3) Except as previously
disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, la) neither Grantor nor any tenant, contractor, agent or other
authorized user of the Property shall use, generate, manufacture, store, treat, dispose of or release any Hazcardous
Substance on, under, about or from the Property; and (bl any such activity shall be conducted in compliance with
all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations and ordinances, including without limitation all
Environmental Laws. Grantor acthorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Property to make such
inspections and tests, at Grantor'¤s expense, as Lender may deem appropriate to determine compliance of the
Property with this section of the Deed of Trust. Any inspections or tests made by Lender shall be for Lender‘s
purposes only and shall not be construed to create any responsibitity or liability on the part of Lender to Grantor or
to any other person. The representations and warranties contained herein are based on Grantor's due diligence in
investigating the Property for Hazardous Substances. Grantor hereby (1) releases and waives any future claims
against Lender for indemnity or contribution in the event Grantor becomes liable for cleanup or other costs under
any such laws; and (2) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Lender against any and all claims, losses,
liabilities, damages, penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or suffer resulting from
a breach of this section of the Deed of Trust or as a consequence of any use, generation, manufacture. storage.
disposal, release or threatened release occurring prior to Grantor's ownership or interest in the Property, whether
or not the same was or should have been known to Grantor. The provisions of this section of the Deed of Trust,
including the obligation to indemnify and defend, shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness and the satisfaction
and reconveyance of the lien of this Deed of Trust and shall not be affected by Lender‘s acquisition of any interest
in the Property, whether by foreclosure or otherwise.
Nuisance, Waste. Grantor shall not cause, conduct or permit any nuisance nor commit, permit, or sufiier any
stripping of or waste on or to the Property or any portion of the Property. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Grantor will not remove, or grant to any other party the right to remove, any timber, minerals lincluding
oil and gas), coal, clay, scoria, soil, gravel or rock products without Lender's prior written consent.
Removal of Improvements. Grantor shall not demolish or remove any Improvements from the Real Property
without Lenc|er‘s prior written consent. As a condition to the removal of any Improvements, Lender may require
Grantor to make arrangements; satisfactory to Lender to replace such improvements with Improvements of at least
equal value.
Lender's Right to Enter. Lender and Lender's agents and representatives may enter upon the Real Property at all
reasonable times to attend to Lerider's interests and to inspect the Real Property for purposes of Grantor's
GB/25/2008 03:30P
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »··· = =~~
pgc°TI DT 51.GU P’IC1f1¤ C0, UR

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 74080100-'I iCOI`lfinLI8d) Page 3
compliance with the terms and conditions of this Deed of Trust.
Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Grantor shall promptly comply, and shall promptly cause
compliance by all agents, tenants or other persons or entities of every nature whatsoever who rent, lease or
otherwise use or occupy the Property in any manner, with all laws, ordinances, and regulations, now or hereafter
in effect, ol all governmental authorities applicable to the use or occupancy of the Property. Grantor may contest
in good faith any such law, ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during any proceeding, including
appropriate appeals, so long as Grantor has notified Lender in writing prior to cloing so and so long as, in L.ender's
sole opinior, Lender's interests in the Property are not jeopardizecl. Lender may require Grantor to post adequate
security or ea surety bond, reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender's interest.
Duty to Protect. Grantor agrees neither to abandon or leave unattended the- Property. Grantor shall do all other
acts, in addition to those acts set forth above in this section, which from the character and use of the Property are
reasonably necessary to protect and preserve the Property.
DUE ON SALE - CONSENT BY LENDER. Lender may, at Lender's option, (Al declare immediately due and payable all
sums secured by this Deed of Trust or (B) increase the interest rate proviclecl for in the Note or other document
evidencing the Indebtedness and impose such other conditions as Lender deems appropriate, upon the sale or transfer,
without Lender‘s. prior written consent, of all or any part of the Real Property, or any interest in the Real Property. A
"sale or transfer" means the conveyance of Real Property or any right, title or interest in the Real Property; whether
legal, beneficial or equitable; whether voluntary or involuntary; whether by outrigiht sale, deed, installment sale contract,
land contract, contract for deed, leasehold interest with a term greater than three (3) years, lease—option contract, or by
sale, assignment, or transfer of any beneficial interest in or to any land trust holding title to tne Fleal Property, or by any
other method of conveyance of an interest in the Real Property. However, this option shall not be exercised by Lender
if such exercise is prohibited by federal law or by Washington law.
TAXES AND LIENS. The following provisions relating to the taxes and liens on the Property are part of this Deed of
Trust:
Payment. Grantor shall pay when due land in all events prior to delinquency) all taxes, special taxes, assessments.
charges (including water and sewer), fines and impositions levied against or on account of the Property, and shall
pay when due all claims for work done on or for services rendered or material furnished to the Property. Grantor
shall maintain the Property free of all liens having priority over or equal to the interest oi Lender under this Deed of
Trust, except for the lien of taxes: and assessments not due ancl except as otherwise provided in this Deed of
Trust.
Right to Contest. Grantor may withhold payment of any tax, assessment, or claim in connection with a good faith
dispute over the obligation to pay, so long as Lender's interest in the Property is not jeopardized. lf a lien arises or
is filed as a result of nonpayment, Grantor shall within fifteen (15) days after the lien arises or, if a lien is filed.
within fifteen (15) days after Grantor has notice of the filing, secure the discharge of the lien, or if requested by
Lender, deposit with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender in an
amount sufficient to discharge the lien plus any costs and att<>rneys' fees, or other charges that could accrue as a
result of a foreclosure or sale under the lien. In any contest, Grantor shall defend itself and Lender and shall
satisfy any adverse iudgment before enforcement against the Property. Grantor shall name Lender as an additional
obligee under any surety bond furnished in the contest proceedings.
Evidence of Payment. Grantor shall upon demand furnish to Lender satisfactory evidence of payment of the taxes
or assessments and shall authorize the appropriate governmental official to deliver to Lender at any time a written
statement of the taxes and assessments against the Property.
Notice of Construction. Grantor shall notify Lender at least fifteen (15) days before any work is commenc·ed, any
services are furnished, or any materials are supplied to the Property, if any met:hanic’s lien, materia|men's lien, or
other lien could be asserted on account of the work, services, or materials: and the cost exceeds $1,000.00.
Grantor will upon request of Lender furnish to Lender advance assurances satisfactory to Lender that Grantor can
and will pay the cost of such improvements.
PROPERTY DAMAGE INSURANCE. The following provisions relating to insuring the Property are a part of this Deed ol
Trust.
Maintenance of Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain policies of fire insurance with standard extended
coverage endorsements on a fair value basis for the full insurable value covering all improvements on the Real
Property in an amount sufficient to avoid application of any coinsurance clause, and with a standard mortgagee
clause in favor of Lender, together with such other hazard and liability insurance as Lender may reasonably require.
Policies shall be written in form, amounts, coverages and basis reasonably acceptable to Lender and issued by a
company or companies reasonably acceptable to Lender. Grantor, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender
from time to time the policies or certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that
coverages will not be cancelled or diminished without at least thirty {30) days prior written notice to Lender. Each
insurance policy also shall include an endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired
in any way by any act, omission or default of Grantor or any other person. Should the Heal Property be located in
an area designated by the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard area,.
Grantor agrees to obtain and maintain Federal Flood Insurance. if avaiiable, within 45 days after notice is given by
Lender that the Property is located in a special flood hazard area, for the full unpaid principal balance ofthe loan
and any prior liens on the property securing the loan, up to the maximum policy limits set under the National Flood
insurance Program, or as otherwise required by Lender, and to maintain such insurance for the term of the loan.
Application of Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly notify Lender of any loss or damage to the Property if the
estimated cost of repair or replacement exceeds $1,000.00. Lender may make proof ol loss if Grantor fails I0 do
so within fifteen (15) days of the casualty. Whether or not Lender`s security is impaired, Lender may, at Lender‘s
election, receive and retain the proceeds of any insurance and apply the proceeds to the reduction of the
indebtedness., payment of any lien affecting the Property, or the restoration and repair of the Propertyr if Lender
elects tc apply the proceeds to restoration and repair, Grantor shall repair oi replace the damaged or destroyed
Improvements in a manner satisfactory to Lender. Lender shall, upon satisfactory prool of such expenditure, pay
or reimburse Grantor from the proceeds for the reasonable cost of repair or restoration if Grantor is not in default
under this Deed of Trust. Any proceeds which have not been disbursed within 180 days after their receipt and
which Lende· has not committed to the repair or restoration of the Property shall be used first to pay any amount
owing to Lender under this Deed of Trust, then to pay accrued interest, and the remainder, if any, shall be applied
to the principal balance of the indebtedness. lf Lender holds any proceeds after payment in full of the
Indebtedness, such proceeds shall be paid without interest to Grantor as Grantor's interests may appear.
LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. lf Grantor fails (Al to keep the Property free of all taxes, liens, security interests,
encumbrances, and other claims, iB) to provide any required insurance on the Property, or lC) to make repairs to the
Property then Lender may do so. lf any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lender’s
interests in the Property, then Lender on Grantor's behalf may, but is not required to, take any action that Lender
3 1 1 3058
lllllll lllll llll llllll lllll lllll lllllll lll lllll llllllll »··· t M
08/25/2 08 03:309
PRCOTI DT 51.00 Pacific Cc. He

DEED OF TRUST
Loan Nc: 74080100-1 (C0htll1U€d) Page 4
believes to be appropriate to protect Lender's interests. All expenses incurred cir paid by Lender for such purposes will
then bear interest at the rate charged under the Note from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of repayment
by Grantor. All such expenses will become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, will (A) be payable on
demand; (B) be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment
payments to become due during either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining term of
the Note: or (C) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Noi:e’s maturity. The Deed of
Trust also will secure payment of these amounts. The rights provided for in this paragraph shall be in addition to any
other rights or any remedies to which Lender may be entitled on account of any default. Any such action by Lender
shall not be construed as curing the default so as to bar Lender from any remedy that it otherwise would have had.
WARRANTY; DEFENSE OF TITLE. The following provisions relating to ownership of the Property are a part of this Deed
of Trust:
Title. Grantor warrants that: (al Grantor holds good and marketable title of record to the Property in fee simple.
free and clear of all liens and encumbrances other than those set forth in the Real Property description or in any
title insurance policy, title report, or final title opinion issued in favor of, and accepted by, Lender in connection
with this Deed of Trust, and lb) Grantor has the full right, power, and authority to execute and deliver this Deed of
Trust to Lender.
Defense of Title. Subject to the exception in the paragraph above, Grantor warrants and will forever defend the
title to the Property against the lawful claims of all persons. In the event any action or proceeding is commenced
that questions Grantor's title or the interest of Trustee or Lender under this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall defend the
action at Grantor‘s expense. Grantor may be the nominal party in such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to
participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel of Lender's own choice, and
Grantor will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lender such instruments as Lender may request from time to time
to permit such participation.
Compliance With Laws. Grantor warrants that the Property and Grantor'si use of the Property complies with all
existing applicable laws, ordinances, and regulations of governmental authorities.
Survival of Promises. All promises, agreements, and statements Grantor has made in this Deed of Trust shall
survive the execution and delivery of this Deed of Trust, shall be continuing in nature and shall remain in full force
and effect until such time as Grantor's Indebtedness is paid in full.
CONDEMNATION. The following provisions relating to condemnation proceedings are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Proceedings. lf any proceeding in condemnation is filed, Grantor shall promptly notify Lender in writing, and
Grantor shall promptly take such steps as may be necessary to defend the action and obtain the award. Grantor
may be the nominal party in such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be
represented in the proceeding by counsel of its own choice all at Grantor's expense, and Grantor will deliver or
cause to be delivered to Lencer such instruments and documentation as may be requested by Lender from time to
time to permit such participation.
Application of Net Proceeds. lf all or any part of the Property is condemned by eminent domain proceedings or by
any proceeding or purchase in lieu of condemnation, Lender may at its election require that all or any portion of the
net proceeds of the award be applied to the Indebtedness or the repair or restoration of the Property. The net
proceeds of the award shall mean the award after payment of all reasonable costs. expenses, and attorneys' fees
incurred by Trustee or Lender in connection with the condemnation.
IMPOSITION OF TAXES, FEES AND CHARGES BY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. The following provisions relating
to governmental taxes, fees and charges are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Current Taxes, Fees and Charges. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall execute such documents in addition to
this Deed of Trust and take whatever other action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender's lien ori
the Real Property. Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all taxes, as descrillned below, iogether with all expenses
incurred in recording, perfecting or continuing this Deed of Trust, including without limitation all taxes., fees.
documentary stamps, and other charges for recording or registering this Deed of Trust.
Taxes. The following shall constitute taxes to which this section applies: (1) a specific tax upon this type of
Deed of Trust or upon all or any part of the Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust; (2) a specific tax on
Grantor which Grantor is authorized or required to deduct from payments on the Indebtedness secured by this type
of Deed of Trust; (3l a tax on this. type of Deed of Trust chargeable against the Lender or the holder of the Note;
and (4) a specific tax on all or any portion of the Indebtedness or on payments of principal and interest made by
Grantor.
Subsequent Taxes. if any tax to which this section applies is enacted subsequent to the date of this Deed of
Trust, this event shall have the same effect as an Event of Default, and Lender may exercise any or all of its
available remedies for an Event of Default as provided below unless Grantor either (1) pays the tax before it
becomes delinquent, or (2) contests the tax as provided above in the Taxes and Liens section and deposits with
Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender.
SECURITY AGREEMENT; FINANCING STATEMENTS. The following provisions; relating to this Deed of Trust as a
security agreement are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Security Agreement. This instrument shall constitute a Security Agreement to the extent any of the Property
constitutes fixtures, and Lender shall have all of the rights of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial! Code
as amended from time to time.
Security Interest. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall take whatever acticin is requested by Lender to perfect
and continue Lender's security interest in the Personal Property. In additi0n· to recording this Deed of Trust: in the
real property records, Lender may, at any time and without further authorization from Grantor, file executed
counterparts. copies or reproductions of this Deed of Trust as a financing statement. Grantor shall reimburse
Lender for all expenses incurred in perfecting or continuing this security interest. Upon default, Grantor shall not
remove. sever or detach the Personal Property from the Property. Upon default, Grantor shall assemble any
Personal Property not affixed to the Property in a manner and at a place reasonably convenient to Grantor and
Lender and rnake it available to Lender within three (3) days after receipt of written demand from Lender to the
extent permitted by applicable law.
Addresses. The mailing addresses of Grantor (debtor) and Lender (secured party) from which information
concerning the security interest granted by this Deed of Trust may be obtained (each as required by the Llniform
Commercial Code) are as stated on the first page of this Deed of Trust.
FURTHER ASSURANCES; ATTORNEY-lN·FACT. The following provisions relating to further assurances and
attorney—in—fact are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Further Assurances. At any time, and from time to time, upon request of Lender, Grantor will make, execute and
08/25/2008 03:309
llllllllllllliilllllllllllll ···· = ·· ·~
, R
Pacon DT 51.00 Paclflo Cn Ll

DEED OF TRUST
Loan N0: 74080100-1 (C0fItIflI.lGd) Page 5
deliver, or will cause to be made, executed or delivered, to Lender or to Lender's designee, and when requested bv
Lender, cause to be filed, recorded, refiled, or rerecorded, as the case may lie, at such times and in such offices
and places as Lender may deem appropriate, any and all such mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, security
agreements, financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance, certificates, and
other documents as may, in the sole opinion of Lender, be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate, complete,
perfect, continue, or preserve ll) Grantor's obligations under the Note, this Deed of Trust, and the Related
Documents, and (2) the liens and security interests created by this Deed of Trust as first and prior liens on the
Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by Grantor. Unless prohibited by law or Lender agrees to the
contrary in writing, Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
matters referred to in this paragraph.
Attorney-in~Fact. If Grantor fails to do any of the things referred tc in the preceding paragraph, Lender may do so
for and in the name of Grantor and at Grantor's expense. For such purposes, Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints
Lender as Grantor's attorney-in—fact for the purpose of making, executing, delivering, filing, recording, and doing all
other things as may be necessary or desirable, in Lender's sole opinion, to accomplish the matters referred to in
the preceding paragraph.
FULL PERFORMANCE. lf Grantcr pays all the Indebtedness when due, and otherwise performs all the obligations
imposed upon Grantor under this Deed of Trust, Lender shall execute and deliver to Trustee a request for full
reconveyance and shall execute and deliver to Grantor suitable statements of termination of any financing statement on
file evidencing Lender's security interest in the Rents and the Personal Property. Any reconveyance fee shall be paid by
Grantor, if permitted by applicable law. The grantee in any reconveyarrce may be described as the "person or persons:
legally entitled thereto", and the recitals in the reconveyance of any matters or facts shall be conclusive proof of the
truthfulness of any such matters or factsr
EVENTS OF DEFAULT. At Lender's option, Grantor will be in default under this Deed of Trust if any of the following
happen:
Payment Default. Grantor fails to make any payment when due under the Indebtedness.
Break Other Promises. Grantor breaks any promise made to Lender or fails to perform promptly at the time and
strictly in the manner provided in this Deed of Trust or in any agreement related tc this Deed of Trust.
Compliance Default. Failure to comply with any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this
Deed of Trust, the Note or in any of the Related Documents.
Default on Other Payments. Failure of Grantor within the time required by this Deed of Trust to make any payment
for taxes or insurance, or any other payment necessary to prevent filing of or tc effect discharge of any lien.
Default in Favor of Third Parties. Should Grantor default under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement,
purchase or sales agreement, or any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or person that may materially
affect any of Grantor‘s property or Grantor's ability to repay the Indebtedness or perform their respective
obligations under this Deed of Trust or any of the Related Documents.
False Statements. Any representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Grantor or on Grantor’s: behalf
under this Deed of Trust or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or al
the time made or furnished.
Defective Crxllateralization. This Deed of Trust or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full force and
effect (including failure of any collateral document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any
time and for any reason,
Death or Insolvency. The death of any Grantor, the insolvency of Grantor, the appointment of a receiver for any
part of Grantor's property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type ol creditor workout, or the
commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Grantor.
Taking of the Property. Any creditor or governmental agency tries to take any of the Property or any other of
Grantor's property in which Lender has a lien. This includes taking of, garnishing of or Ievying on Grantor’s»
accounts with Lender. I-lowever, if Grantor disputes in good faith whether the claim on which the takrng of the
Property is based is valid or reasonable, and if Grantor gives Lender written notice of the claim and furnishes:
Lender with monies or a surety bond satisfactory to Lender to satisfy the claim, then this default provision will nor
apply.
Breach of Other Agreement. Any breach by Grantor under the terms of any other agreement between Grantor and
Lender that is not remedied within any grace period provided therein, including without limitation any agreement
concerning any indebtedness or other obligation of Grantor to Lender, whether existing now or later.
._ Events Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any guarantor, endorser, surety,
or accommodation party of any of the Indebtedness or any guarantor, endorsier, surety, or accommodation party
dies or becomes incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity cf, or Irability under, any Guaranty of the
Indebtedness;. In the event of a death, Lender, at its option, may, but shall not be required to, permit the
guarantor‘s estate to assume unconditionally the obligations arising under the guaranty in a manner satisfactory to
Lender, and, in doing so, cure any {Event of Default.
Right to Cure. lf any default, other than a default in payment is curable and if Cirantor has not been given a notice
of a breach ofthe same provision of this Deed of Trust within the preceding twelve ll 2) months, it may be cured if
Grantor, after receiving written notice from Lender demanding cure of such default: Ill cures the default within
fifteen (T5) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than fifteen (15) days, immediately initiates steps which Lender
deems in Lender's sole discretion ro be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter continues and completes all
reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical.
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. If an Event of Default occurs under this Deed of Trust, at any time thereafter,
Trustee or Lender may exercise any one or more of the following rights and remedies:
Election of Remedies. All of Lender's rights and remedies will be cumulative and may be exercised alone or
together. An election by Lender to choose any one remedy will not bar Lender from using any other remedy. lf
Lender decides to spend money or 1:o perform any of Grantor's obligations under this Deed of Trust, after Grantor's
farlure to do so, that decision by Lender will not affect Lender's right to declare Grantor in default and to exercise
Lender's remedies.
Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender shall have the right at its option to declare the entire Indebtedness immediately
due and payable, including anv prepayment penalty which Grantor would be required to pay.
Foreclosure. With respect to all or any part of the Real Property, the Trustee shall have the right to exercise its
power of sale and tc foreclcse by notice and sale, and Lender shall have the right to foreclose by judicial
foreclosure, rn either case in accordance with and to the full extent provided by applicable law.
llllllllllllllllllllll|lllIIIllIlllIllllllllllllllll »-·- I »··»
OB/25/2008 03:3ClP
PRCOTI DT 51.00 Pacific O0. NR

DEED OF TRUST
Loan Na; 74080100-1 (Continued) Page 6
UCC Remedies. With respect to all or any part of the Personal Property, Lender shall have all the rights and
remedies of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code.
Collect Rents. Lender shall have the right, without notice to Grantor tp take possession of and manage the
Property and collect the Rents, including amounts past due and unpaid, and apply the net proceeds, over and
above Lender’s costs, again-st the indebtedness. In furtherance of this right, Lender may require any tenant or
other user of the Property to make payments of rent or use fees directly to Lender, lf the Rents are collected bv
Lender, then Grantor irrevocably designates Lender as Grantor's attcrney·in·fact to endorse instruments received in
payment thereof in the name of Grantor and to negotiate the same and collect the proceeds. Payments by tenants
or other users to Lender in response to Lender's demand shall satisfy the obligations for which the payments are
made, whether or not any proper grounds for the demand existed. Lender may exercise its rights under this
subparagraph either in person, by agent, or through a receiver.
Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to take possession of all or any part of
the Property, with the power to protect and preserve the Property, to operate the Property preceding or pending
foreclosure or sale, and to collect the Rents from the Property and apply the proceeds, over and above the cost of
the receivership, against the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve withc·ut bond if permitted by law. Lender's
right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the Property exceeds the
Indebtedness by a substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from serving as er
receiver.
Tenancy at Sufferance. lf Grantor remains in possession of the Property after the Property is sold as provided
above or Lender otherwise becomes entitled to possession of the Property upon default of Grantor, Grantor shall
become a tenant at sufferanrze of l-ender or the purchaser of the Property and shall, at Lender's option, either (li
pay a reasonable rental for the use of the Property, or (2) vacate the Property immediately upon the demand of
Lender.
Other Remedies. Trustee or Lender shall have any other right or remedy provided in this Deed of Trust or the Note
or available at law or in equity.
Notice of Sale. Lender shall give Grantor reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale of the Personal
Property or of the time after which any private sale or other intended disposition of the Personal Property is to be
made. Reasonable notice shall mean notice given at least ten (10) days before the time of the sale or disposition
Any sale of the Personal Property may be made in conjunction with any sale ol the Real Property.
Sale of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Grantor hereby waives any and all rights to have
the Property marshalled. ln exercising its rights and remedies. the Trustee or Lender shall be free to sell all or any
part of the Property together or separately, in one sale or by separate sales. Lender shall be entitled to bid at any
public sale cn all or any portion of the Property.
Attorneys Fees; Expenses. lf Lender institutes any suit or action to enforce any of the terms of this Deed of
Trust, Lender shall be entitled to recover such sum as the court may adiudge reasonable as attorneys fees at trial
and upon any appeal. Whether or not any court action is involved, and to the extent not prohibited by law, all
reasonable expenses Lender incurs that in Lender's opinion are necessary at any time for the protection of its
interest or the enforcement of its rights shall become a part ol the Indebtedness payable on demand and shall bear
interest at the Note rate from the date of the expenditure until repaid. Expenses coverec by this paragraph include
without iimitzation, however subject to any limits under applicable law, Lender's attorneys' fees and Lender's legal
expenses, whether or not there is a lawsuit, including attorneys‘ fees and expenses for bankruptcy proceedings
(including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated postiudgmenr
collection services, the cost of searching records, obtaining title reports (including foreclosure reports), surveyors'
reports, and appraisal fees, title insurance, and fees for the Trustee, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Grantor also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums provided lay law.
Rights of Trustee. Trustee shall have all ofthe rights and duties of Lender as set forth in this section.
POWERS AND OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE. The following provisions relating to the powers and obligations of Trustee
(pursuant to Lender's instructions) are part of this Deed of Trust:
Powers of Trustee. In addition to all powers of Trustee arising as a matter of law, Trustee shall have the power tc
take the following actions with respect to the Property upon the written request of Lender and Grantor: (al join in
preparing and filing a map or plat of the Reel Property, including the dedication of streets or other rights to the
public; lb) join in granting any easement or creating any restriction on the Real Property: and (cl join in any
subordination or other agreement affecting this Deed of Trust or the interest oi L.ender under this Deed of Trust.
Obligations to Notify. Trustee shall not be obligated to notify any other party of a pending sale under any other
trust deed or lien, or of any action or proceeding in which Grantor, Lender, or Trustee shall be a party, unless
required by applicable law, or unless the action or proceeding is brought by Trustee.
Trustee. Trustee shall meet all qualifications required for Trustee under applicable law. In addition to the rights
and remedies set forth above, with respect to all or any part of the Property. the Trustee shall have the right to
foreclose by notice and sale, and Lender will have the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in
accordance with and to the full extent provided by applicable law.
Successor Trustee. Lender, at Lender's option, may from time to time appoint a successor Trustee to any Trustee
appointed under this Deed of Trust by an instrument executed and acknowledged by Lender and recorded in the
office of the recorder of Pacii·c County, State of Washington. The instrument shall contain, in addition to all other
matters required by state law, the names of the original Lender, Trustee, and Grantor, the book and page or the
Auditor's File Number where this Deed of Trust is recorded, and the name and address of the successor trustee.
and the instrument shall be executed and acknowledged by Lender or its successors in interest. The successor
trustee, without conveyance of the Property. shall succeed to all the title, power, and duties conferred upon the
Trustee in this Deed of Trust and by applicable law. This procedure for substitution of Trustee shall govern to the
exclusion of all other provisions for substitution.
NOTICES. Subject to applicable Iavv, and except for notice required or allowed by law to be given in another manner,
any notice required to be given under this Deed of Trust, including without limitation any notice of default and any
notice of sale shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually received by
telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier, or, il
mailed, when deposited in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail postage prepaid, directed to
the addresses shown near the beginning of this Deed of Trust. All copies of notices of foreclosure from the holder of
any lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust shall be sent to Lender`s address, as shown near the beginning of
this Deed of Trust. Any person may change his or her address for notices under this Deed of Trust by giving formal
written notice to the other person or persons, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the person‘s
address. For notice purposes, Grantor agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of Clrantor's current address.
Subject to applicable law, and except for notice required or allowed by law to be given in another manner, if there is
3 1 1 3058
06/25/2008 03:30P
lllllll lllll llll llllll lllll lllll lllllll lll lllllllll llll »-··   »·~
PRCOTI DT 51.00 Pacific Co, HR

DEED OF TRUST
Loan N0: 74080100-1 (COl1tIl1U6d) Page 7
more than one Grantor, any notice given by Lender to any Grantor is deemed to be notice given to all Grantors. lt will
be Grantor's responsibility to tell the others of the notice from Lender.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions; are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Amendments. What is written in this Deed of Trust and in the Related Documents is Grantor‘s entire agreement
with Lender concerning the matters covered by this Deed of Trust. To be effective, any change or amendment to
this Deed 0* Trust must be in writng and must be signed by whoever will be bound or obligated by the change or
amendment.
Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Deed of Trust are for convenience purposes only and are not to be
used to interpret or define the provisions of this Deed of Trust.
Merger. There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Deed of Trust with any other interest or
estate in the Property at any time held by or for the benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent
of Lender.
Governing Law. This Deed of Trust will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and. to the extent not
preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of Washington without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Deed of Trust has been accepted by Lender in the State of Washington.
Choice of Venue. If there is a lawsuit, Grantor agrees upon Lender‘s request to submit to the jurisdiction of the
courts of Cowlitz County, State of Washington.
Joint and Several Liability. All obligations of Grantor under this Deed of Trust shall be joint and several, and all
references to Grantor shall mean each and every Grantor. This means that each Grantor signing below is
responsible for all obligations in this Deed of Trust.
No Waiver by Lender. Grantor understands Lender will not give up any of L.ender‘s rights under this Deed of Trust
unless Lender does so in writing. The fact that Lender delays or omits to exercise airy right will not mean that
Lender has given up that right. lf Lender does agree in writing to give up one of Lender's rights, that does not
mean Grantor will not have to comply with the other provisions of this Deed of Trust. Grantor also understands:
that if Lender does consent to a request, that does not mean that Grantor will not have to get Lender's consent
again if the situation happens again. Grantor further understands that just because Lender consents to one or
more of Grantor's requests, that does not mean Lender will be required to consent to any of Grant0r’s future
requests. Grantor waives presentment, demand for payment, protest, and notice of dishonor.
Severability. If a court finds that any provision of this Deed of Trust is not valid or should not be enforced, that
fact by itself will not mean that the rest of this Deed of Trust will not be valid or enforced. Therefore, a court will
enforce the rest ofthe provisions of this Deed of Trust even if a provision of this Deed of Trust may be found to be
invalid or unenforceable.
Successors and Assigns. Subject to any limitations stated in this Deed of Trust on transfer of Grantor's interest,
this Deed ol Trust shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns. It
ownership of the Property becomes vested in a person other than Grantor, Lender, without notice to Grantor, may
deal with Grantor's successors with reference to this Deed of Trust and the Indebtedness by way of forbearance or
extension w thout releasing Grantor from the obligations of this Deed of Trust or liability under the Indebtedness.
Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Deed of Trust.
Waiver of Homestead Exemption. Grantor hereby releases and waives all rights and benefits of the homestead
exemption laws of the State of Washington as to all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust.
DEFINITIONS. The following words shall have the following meanings when used in this Deed of Trust:
Beneficiary. The word "Bene~‘iciary" means Cowlitz Bank, and its successors and assigns.
Borrower. The word "Borrower" means John McMahon and Kathryn J. Mclvlahon and includes all co-signers and
co-makers signing the Note and all their successors and assigns.
Deed of Trust. The words "Deed of Trust" mean this Deed of Trust among Grantor, Lender, and Trustee, and
includes without limitation all assignment and security interest provisions relating to the Personal Property and
Rents.
Environmental Laws. The words "Environmental Laws" mean any and all state, federal and local statutes,
regulations and ordinances relating to the protection of human health or the environment, including without
limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended. 42
U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. ("CEliCLA"l, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pubt L.
No. 99-499 ·Z"SARA"). the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq., the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws, rules,
or regulations adopted pursuant thereto.
Event of Default. The words "Event of Default" mean any of the events of default set forth in this Deed of Trust in
the events of default section of this Deed of Trust.
Grantor. The word "Grantor" means John McMahon and Kathryn J. McMahon.
Guaranty. The word "Guaranty" means the guaranty from guarantor, endorses, surety, or accommodation party to
Lender, including without limitation a guaranty of all or part of the Note.
Hazardous Substances. The words "Hazardous Substances" mean materials that, because of their quantity,
concentration or physical, chemical or infectious characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard
to human health or the environment: when improperly used, treated, stored, disposed of, generated, manufactured,
transported or otherwise handled. The words "Hazardous Substances" are used in their very broadest sense and
include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or waste as defined by or listed
under the Environmental Laws. The term "Hazardous Substantzes" also includes, without limitation, petroleum and
petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos.
Improvements. The word "lmprovements" means all existing and future improvements, buildings, structures,
mobile homes affixed on the Real Property, facilities, additions, replacements and other construction on the Real
Property.
Indebtedness. The word “lndebtedness" means all principal, interest, and other amounts, costs and expenses
payable under the Note or Related Documents, together with all renewals nf, extensons of, modifications of,
consolidations of and substitutions for the Note or Related Documents and any amounts expended or advanced by
Lender to discharge Grantor's obligations or expenses incurred by Trustee or Lender to enforce <3rantor's
obligations under this Deed of Trust, together with interest on such amounts as provided in this Deed of Trust.
Specifically, without limitation, Indebtedness includes all amounts that may be indirectly secured by the
. 08/25/2008 03:309
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »-·· = ~··»
H1 it . HR
escort °T Bl ·°° °'° ‘° °

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 74080100-1 (Continued) Page 8
Cross-Collateralization provision of this Deed of Trust.
Lender. The word "Lender" means Cowlitz Bank, its successors and assigns. The words "successors or assigns"
mean any person or company that acquires any interest in the Note.
Note. The word "Note" means the promissory note dated June 19, 2008, in the original principal amount
of $131,250.00 from Grantor to Lender, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications oi,
refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the promissory note or agreement. NOTICE TO GRANTOR:
THE NOTE CONTAINS A VARIABLE INTEREST RATE.
Personal Property, The words "F‘ersonaI Property" mean all equipment, fixtures, and other articles of personal
property now or hereafter owned by Grantor, and now or hereafter attached or affixed to the Real Property;
together with all accessions. parts, and additions to, all replacements of, and all substitutions for, any of such
property; and together with all issues and profits thereon and proceeds (including without limitation all insurance
proceeds and refunds of premiums) from any sale or other disposition of the Property.
Property. The word "Property" means collectively the Real Property and the Personal Property.
Real Property. The words "Fleal Property" mean the real property, interests and rights, as further described in this
Deed of Trust.
Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan
agreements, environmental agreements, guaranties, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security
deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments, agreements and documents, whether novv or hereafter
existing, executed in connection with the indebtedness.
Rents. The word "Rents" means all present and future rents, revenues, income, issues, royalties, profits, and
other benefits derived from the Property.
Trustee. The word "Trustee-" means Pacific County Title Co., whose mailing address is 905 West Robert Bush
Drive, South Bend, WA 98586 and any substitute or successor trustees.
EACH GRANTOH ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS DEED OF TRUST, AND EACH
GRANTOR AGREES T0 ITS TERMS.
GRANTOR:
. ···"'°`
X J,   _...··*"` ' ;"" ._`___'
John  ahon ·  
X—..L11<.;.._..._____
Kathryn J. McMahon
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGMEENT
STATE cr _,Q((4ZQ!>§ ______ ____________ I
I SS
COUNTY OF _i!_i_lQQ?£!____________ ___ ________ I
\
On this day before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally appeared John McMahon, personally known to me or
proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual described in and who executed the Deed ol
Trust, and acknowledged that he or she signed the Deed of Trust as his or her free and voluntary act and deed, for the
uses and purposes therein mentioned. rd —·7-·"
Given under my hand and official seal this Q- 3 _ day of __g_g;né __,,._ _ ____.· 20 __
BV-._i__,,_____ _ Residing at __ __
Notary Public in and for the State of   MY ¤0mmiSSi¤¤ ¤>¤Pi¥€$ __£é/QJZL
[l " ’ x
,{;b%4»<.»  
OFFICIALSEAL
DEBBRA MKGIALY
NOTARYPlMJC·8TATEGI.|.K
NYO(1\I@EPK8t&12
06/25/22008 03*0P
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »··· t »··~
PQQQTI DT 51.00 Paolilc Co. HR

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No; 74080100-1 (Continued) Page 9
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT
STATE OF ---.::?f{€({*!Q£~€_.. __.___ _._____ »
OOUNTY OF ___;£_*g»Q{j_é_-,_.,-_,-.--.-_-.-__ I
On this day before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally appeared Kathryn J. McMahon. personally known to
me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the individual described in and who executed the Deed
of Trust, and acknowledged that he or she signed the Deed of Trust as his or her free and voluntary act and deed, for
the uses and purposes therein mentioned. I
Given under my hand and official seal this 025/ 0/ day of __4;2gL/W/E, __ _, 20 QL
By____________ Residing at __________
Notary Public in and for the State of   My commission expires __J)égJJA=*2"‘ __
**~· /([e,z,¢»£»—7%’§j  
omcut sm “ { “ I
DEBBRA NIKCXALY
NOTARY PUBLIC -$TA'fEy
L RECONVEYANCE
To: _________________;_, Trustee
The undersigned is the legal owner and holder of all indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust. You are hereby
requested, upon payment of all sums owing to you, to reconvey without warranty, to the persons entitled thereto, the
right, title and interest now held by you under the Deed of Trust.
Date: _ _______ __ ____ _____ ________ __ _______ ________~_ Seneficiaryz ________i________________
Bvr ___________________
Its: __ _______
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll ···- r M
08/25/2008 03:30P
PQCOTI DT 51.00 Paoglfiio Co, NA

