"0 RETURN ADDRESS:
` ShoreBank Enterprise
vm Group. Pacific
T DBA ShoreBank Enterprise
C d'
® z3§°.'1,1‘L..m ww. SE
P0 Box 826
llwaco, WA 98624
 
DEED OF TRUST
DATE: June 9, 2008
Reference # (if applicable): 23-O3 Additional on page
Grantorislz
1. Willapa Land and Dendrology, Inc.
Granteeisl
1. ShoreBank Enterprise Group, Pacific
2. Pacific County Title Co., Trustee
Legal Description: NWNW IN 10-9-9; LOTS 1, 2, AND 3 IN 9-9-9; TL 515 IN 9-9-9; TL DT 022
IN 9-9-9; TL DO 029 IN 03-09-09
Additional on page
Assess0r's Tax Parcel ID#: O9091022000; O9090950001; O9090955515; O9090955022;
O9090355029
THIS DEED OF TRUST is dated June 9, 2008, among Willepa Land and Dendrology, Inc.,
whose mailing address is P.O. Box 1027. South Bend, WA 98586 ("Grant0r"); ShcreBank
Enterprise Group, Pacific, whose mailing address is DBA ShoreBank Enterprise Cascadia, 203
Howerton Way, SE, PO Box 826, llwaco, WA 98624 (referred to below sometimes as
"Lender" and sometimes as "BeneficiafY"l; and Pacific County Title C0., whose mailing address
is P.0. Box 306, South Bend, WA 98586 (referred to below as "Trustee").
3 1 1 3 1 48
P:g•: 1 of 13
0 /27/2008 02:24P
Pacon DT 55.00 Pacific Cc, HR .

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 23-03 (Continued) Page 2
CONVEYANCE AND GRANT. For valuable consideration, Grantor conveys to Trustee in trust with power of sale, right
of entry and possession and for the benefit of Lender as Beneficiary, all of Grantor's right, title, and interest in and to
the following described real property, together with all existing or subsequently erected or affixed buildings,
improvements and fixtures; all easements, rights of way, and appurtenances; all water, water rights and ditch rights
(including stock in utilities with ditch or irrigation rights); and all other rights, royalties, and profits relating to the real
property, including without limitation all minerals, oil, gas, geothermal and similar matters, (tho "Real Property") ·
located in Pacific County, State of Washington:
See Exhibit B. which is attached to this Deed of Trust and made a part of this Deed of Trust
as if fully set forth herein.
The Real Property tax identification number is 09091022000; 09090950001; 090909555’I5;
09090955022: 09090355l>29.
CROSS·COLLATERALlZATION. In addition to the Note, this Deed of Trust secures all obligations, debts and liabilities,
plus interest thereon, of either Grantor or Borrower to Lender, or any one or more of them, as well as all ciaims by
Lender against Borrower and Grantor or any one or more of them, whether now existing or hereafter arising, whether
related or unrelated to the purpose of the Note, whether voluntary or otherwise, whether due or not due, direct or
indirect, determined or undetermined, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether Borrower or Grantor
may be liable individually or jointly with others, whether obligated as guarantor, surety, accommodation party or
otherwise, and whether recovery upon such amounts may be or hereafter may become barred by any statute of
limitations, and whether the obligation to repay such amounts may be or hereafter may become otherwise
unenforceable.
Grantor hereby assigns as security to Lender, all of Grantor's right, title, and interest in and to all leases, Rents, and
profits of the Property. This assignment is recorded in accordance with RCW 65.08.070; the lien created by this
assignment is intended to be specific, perfected and choate upon the recording of this Deed of Trust. Lender grants to
Grantor a license- to collectthe Rents and profits, which license may be revoked at Lender's option and shall be
automatically revoked upon acceleration of all or part of the Indebtedness.
THIS DEED OF TRUST. INCLUDING THE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE RENTS AND
PERSONAL PROPERTY, IS GIVEN TO SECURE (A) PAYMENT OF THE INDEBTEDNESS AND (Bl PERFORMANCE OF
ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTE, THE RELATED DOCUMENTS, AND THIS DEED OF TRUST. THIS
DEED OF TRUST IS GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE FOLLOWING TERMS:
GRANTOR'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Grantor warrants that: la) this Deed of Trust is executed at
Borrower's request and not at the request of Lender; lb) Grantor has the full power, right, and authority to enter into -
this Deed of Trust and to hypothecate the Property; lc) the provisions of this Deed of Trust do not conflict with, or
result in a default under any agreement or other instrument binding upon Grantor and do not result in a violation of any
law, regulation, court decree or order applicable to Grantor; ld) Grantor has established adequate means of obtaining
from Borrower on a continuing basis information about Borrower's financial condition; and (el Lender has made no
representation to Grantor about Borrower (including without limitation the creditworthiness of Borrower).
GRANTOR’S WAIVERS. Grantor waives all rights or defenses arising by reason of any "one action" or "anti~deficiency"
law, or any other law which may prevent Lender from bringing any action against Grantor, including a claim for
deficiency to the extent Lender is otherwise entitled to a claim for deficiency, before or after Lender's commencement
or completion of any foreclosure action, either judicially or by exercise of a power of sale. I
PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust, Borrower and Grantor shall pay
to Lender all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust as it becomes due, and Borrower and Grantor shall strictly
perform all their respective obligations under the Note, this Deed of Trust, and the Related Documents.
POSSESSION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE PROPERTY. Borrower and Grantor agree that Borrower's and Grantor's
possession and use of the Property shall be governed by the following provisions:
Possession and Use. Until the occurrence of an Event of Default, Grantor may I1) remain in possession and
control of the Property; I2) use, operate or manage the Property; and I3) collect the Rents from the Property
(this privilege is a license from Lender to Grantor automatically revoked upon default). The following provisions
relate to the use of the Property or to other limitations on the Property. The Real Property is not used principally
for agricultural purposes. _
Duty to Maintain. Grantor shall maintain the Property in tenantable condition and promptly perform all repairs,
replacements,. and maintenance necessary to preserve its value.
Nuisance, Waste. Grantor shall not cause, conduct or permit any nuisance nor commit, permit, or suffer any
IillilllllilllllIlllllIllllllilllllillllliIllllillillll »-·· i   »
05/27/2008 02:24P
PACOTI DT 55.00 Paetrto Co. HA

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 23-03 (Continued) Page 3
stripping of or waste on or to the Property or any portion of the Property. Without limiting the generality of the L
foregoing, Grantor will not remove, or grant to any other party the right to remove. any timber, minerals (including
oil and gas), coal, clay, scoria, soil, gravel or rock products without Lender's prior written consent.
Removal of Improvements. Grantor shall not demolish or remove any Improvements from the Fleal Property
without Lender's prior written consent. As a condition to the removal of any improvements, Lender may require
Grantor to make arrangements satisfactory to Lender to replace such Improvements with Improvements of at least
equal value.
_ Lender's Right to Enter. Lender and Lender's agents and representatives may enter upon the Real Property at all
reasonable times to attend to Lender's interests and to inspect the Real Property for purposes of Grentor's
compliance with the terms and conditions of this Deed of Trust.
Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Grantor shall promptly comply, and shall promptly cause
compliance by all agents, tenants or other persons or entities of every nature whatsoever who rent, lease or
otherwise use or occupy the Property in any manner, with all laws, ordinances, and regulations, now or hereafter
in effect, of all governmental authorities applicable to the use or occupancy of the Property, including without
limitation, the Americans With Disabilities Act. Grantor may contest in good faith any such law, ordinance, or
regulation and withhold compliance during any proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Grantor has
notified Lender in writing prior to doing so and so long as, in Lender's sole opinion, Lender's interests in the
Property are not jeopardized. Lender may require Grantor to post adequate security or a surety bond, reasonably
satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender's interest.
Duty to Protect. Grantor agrees neither to abandon or leave unattended the Property. Grantor shall do all other
acts, in addition to those acts set forth above in this section, which from the character and use ofthe Property are
reasonably necessary to protect and preserve the Property.
DUE ON SALE »» CONSENT BY LENDER. Lender may, at Lender's option, (A) declare immediately due and payable all
sums secured by this Deed of Trust or (B) increase the interest rate provided for in the Note or other document
evidencing the indebtedness and impose such other conditions as Lender deems appropriate, upon the sale or transfer,
without Lender's prior written consent, of all or any part of the Real Property, or any interest in the Real Property. A
"sale or transfer" means the conveyance of Real Property or any right, title or interest ln the Real Property; whether
legal, beneficial or equitable; whether voluntary or involuntary; whether by outright sale, deed, installment sale contract,
land contract, contract for deed, leasehold interest with a term greater than three (3) years, lease—option contract, or by
sale, assignment, or transfer of any beneficial interest in or to any land trust holding title to the Real Property, or by any
other method of conveyance of an interest in the Real Property. If any Grantor is a corporation, partnership or limited
liability company, transfer also includes any change in ownership of more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the voting
stock, partnership interests or limited liability company interests, as the case may be, of such Grantor. However, this
option shall not be exercised by Leader if such exercise is prohibited by federal law or by Washington iaw.
TAXES AND LIENS. The following provisions relating to the taxes and liens on the Property are part of this Deed of
Trust:
Payment. Grantor shall pay when due (and in all events prior to delinquency) all taxes, special taxes, assessments.
charges (including water end sewer), fines and impositions levied against or on account of the Property, end shall
pay when due all claims for work done on or for services rendered or material furnished to the Property. Grantor
shall maintain the Property free of all liens having priority over or equal to the interest of Lender under this Deed of
Trust, except for the lien of taxes and assessments not due. except for the Existing Indebtedness referred to
below, and except es otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust.
Right to Contest. Grantor may withhold payment of any tex, assessment, or claim in connection with a good faith
dispute over the obligation to pay, so long as Lender's interest in the Property is not jeopardized. lf a lien arises or
is filed as a result of nonpayrnent, Grantor shall within fifteen (15) days after the lien arises or, if a lien is filed,
within fifteen (15) days after Grantor has notice of the filing, secure the discharge of the lien, or if requested by
Lender, deposit with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender in an
amount sufficient to discharge the lien plus any costs and attorneys' fees, or other charges that could accrue as e
result of a foreclosure or sale under the lien. In any contest, Grantor shall defend itself and Lender and shall
satisfy any adverse judgment before enforcement against the Property. Grantor shall name Lender as an additional
obligee under any surety bond furnished in the contest proceedings.
Evidence of Payment. Grantor shall upon demand furnish to Lender satisfactory evidence of payment of the taxes
or assessments and shall authorize the appropriate governmental official to deliver to Lender at any time a written
statement of the taxes and assessments against the Property.
Notice of Construction. Grantor shall notify Lender at least fifteen (15) days before any work is commenced, any
services are turnished, or any materials are supplied to the Property, if any mechanic‘s lien, materialmen's lien, or
other lien could be asserted on account of the work, services, or materials. Grantor will upon request of Lender
furnish to Lender advance assurances satisfactory to Lender that Grantor can and will pay the cost of such
05/27/2008 02:24P
lllllllllllllllllllllllllll »-·· r =~·· »
PHCOTI DT 55.00 Peotllo Co. HR

DEED OF TRUST
Loan N0: 23-03 (Continued) Page 4
improvements.
PROPERTY DA.MAGE INSURANCIE. The following provisions relating to insuring the Property are a part of this Deed of
Trust.
Maintenance of Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain policies of fire insurance with standard extended
coverage endorsements on zi fair value basis for the full insurable value covering all Improvements on the Real
Property in an amount sufficient to avoid application of any coinsurance clause, and with a standard mortgagee
clause in favor of Lender. Grantor shall also procure and maintain comprehensive general liability insurance in such
coverage amounts as Lender may request with Trustee and Lender being named as additional insureds in such
liability insurance policies. Additionally, Grantor shall maintain such other insurance, including but not limited to
hazard, business interruption, and boiler insurance, as Lender may reasonably require. Policies shall be written in
form, amounts, coverages and basis reasonably acceptable to Lender and issued by a company or companies
reasonably acceptable to Lender. Grantor, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to time the
policies or certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that coverages will not be
cancelled or diminished without at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance policy also
shall include an endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired in any way by any act,
omission or default of Grantor or any other person. Should the Real Property be located in an area designated by
the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard area, Grantor agrees to
obtain and maintain Federal Flood Insurance, if available, for the full unpaid principal balance of the loan and any
prior liens on the property securing the loan, up to the maximum policy limits set under the National Flood
Insurance Program, or as otherwise required by Lender, and to maintain such insurance for the term of the loan.
‘ Application of Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly notify Lender of any loss or damage to the Property, Lender may
make proof of loss if Grantor fails to do so within fifteen (15) days of the casualty. Whether or not Lender's
security is impaired, Lender may, at Lender's election, receive and retain the proceeds of any insurance and apply
the proceeds to the reduction of the Indebtedness, payment of any lien affecting the Property, or the restoration
and repair of the Property. If Lender elects to apply the proceeds to restoration and repair, Grantor shall repair or
replace the damaged or destroyed Improvements in a manner satisfactory to Lender. Lender shall, upon
satisfactory proof of such expenditure, pay or reimburse Grantor from the proceeds for the reasonable cost of
repair or restoration if Grantor is not in default under this Deed of Trust. Any proceeds which have not been
disbursed within 180 days alter their receipt and which Lender has not committed to the repair or restoration of
the Property shall be used first to pay any amount owing to Lender under this Deed of Trust, then to pay accrued
interest, and the remainder, if any, shall be applied to the principal balance of the Indebtedness. If Lender holds
any proceeds after payment in lull of the indebtedness, such proceeds shall be paid without interest to Grantor as
Grantor's interests may appee r.
Grantor's Report on Insurance. Upon request of Lender, however not more than once a year, Grantor shall furnish
to Lender a report on each existing policy of insurance showing: (1) the name of the insurer; (2) the risks
insured; (3) the amount of the policy; I4) the property insured, the then current replacement value of such
property, and the manner of determining that value; and (5) the expiration date of the policy. Grantor shall, upon
request of Lender, have an independent appraiser satisfactory to Lender determine the cash value replacement cost
of the Property.
LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. lf any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lender's interest in
the Property or if Grantor fails to comply with any provision of this Deed of Trust or any Related Documents, including
but not limited to Grantor's failure to discharge or pay when due any amounts Grantor is required to discharge or pay
under this Deed of Trust or any Related Documents, Lender on Grantor's behalf may (but shall not be obligated to) take
any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but not limited to discharging or paying all taxes, liens, security
interests, encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed on the Property and paying all costs for insuring,
maintaining and preserving the Property. All such expenditures incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes will then
bear interest at the rate charged under the Note from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of repayment by
Grantor. All such expenses will become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, will (A) be payable on
demand; (Bl be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment
payments to become due during either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or I2) the remaining term of
the Note; or (C) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Note’s maturity. The Deed of
Trust also will secure payment of these amounts. Such right shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies to
which Lender may be entitled upon Default.
WARRANTY; DEFENSE OF TITLE. The following provisions relating to ownership of the Property are a part of this Deed
of Trust:
Title. Grantor warrants that: la) Grantor holds good and marketable title of record to the Property in fee simple,
free and clear of all liens and encumbrances other than those set forth in the Real Property description or in any
title insurance policy, title report, or final title opinion issued in favor of, and accepted by, Lender in connection
with this Deed of Trust, and lo) Grantor has the full right, power, and authority to execute and deliver this Deed of
3 1 13 1 48
lllllll lllll llll llllll lllll lllllll lllll lll lllll llll llll ·.;l,—e.i.·· ·=»»
mco 8 :
TI DT 56.00 Pacific Co, Hg: Z",

DEED OF TRUST .
Loan Ne; ze-os (Continued) Page 5
Trust to Lender.
Defense of Title. Subject to the exception in the paragraph above, Grantor warrants and will forever defend the
title to the Property against the lawful claims of all persons. In the event any action or proceeding is commenced
that questions Grantor`s title or the interest of Trustee or Lender under this Deed of Trust, Grantor shall defend the
action at Grantor‘s expense. Grantor may be the nominal party in such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to
participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel of Lender's own choice, and
Grantor will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lender such instruments as Lender may request from time to time
to permit such participation.
Compliance With Laws. Grantor warrants that the Property and Grantor‘s use of the Property complies with all
existing applicable laws, ordinances, and regulations of governmental authorities.
Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations, warranties, and agreements made by Grantor in
this Deed of Trust shall survive the execution and delivery of this Deed of Trust, shall be continuing in nature, and
shall remain in full force and effect until such time as Borrower‘s indebtedness shall be paid in full.
CONDEMNATION. The following provisions relating to condemnation proceedings are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Proceedings. If any proceeding in condemnation is filed, Grantor shall promptly notify Lender in writing, and
Grantor shall promptly take such steps as may be necessary to defend the action and obtain the award. Grantor
may be the nominal party in such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be
represented in the proceeding; by counsel of its own choice all at Grantor's expense, and Grantor will deliver or
cause to be delivered to Lender such instruments and documentation as may be requested by Lender from time to
time to permit such participation.
Application of Net Proceeds. lf all or any part of the Property is condemned by eminent domain proceedings or by
any proceeding or purchase in lieu of condemnation, Lender may at its election require that all or any portion of the
net proceeds of the award be applied to the Indebtedness or the repair or restoration of the Property. The net
proceeds of the award shell mean the award after payment of all reasonable costs, expenses, and attorneys' fees
incurred by Trustee or Lender in connection with the condemnation.
IMPOSITION OF TAXES, FEES AND CHARGES BY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES. The following provisions relating
to governmental taxes, fees and charges are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Current Taxes, Fees and Charges. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall execute such documents in addition to
this Deed of Trust and take whatever other action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender‘s lien on
the Real Property. Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all taxes, as described below, together with all expenses
‘ incurred in recording, perfecting or continuing this Deed of Trust, including without limitation all taxes, fees,
documentary stamps, and other charges for recording or registering this Deed of Trust.
Taxes. The following shall constitute taxes to which this section applies: (1) a specific tax upon this type of
Deed of Trust or upon all or any part of the Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust; (2) a specific tax on
Borrower which Borrower is authorized or required to deduct from payments on the Indebtedness secured by this
type of Deed of Trust; (3) a tax on this type of Deed of Trust chargeable against the Lender or the holder of the
Note; and (4) a specific tax on all or any portion of the Indebtedness or on payments of principal and interest
made by Borrower.
Subsequent Taxes. If any tax to which this section applies is enacted subsequent to the date of this Deed of
Trust, this avant shall have the same effect as an Event of Default, and Lender may exercise any or all of its
available remedies for an Event of Default as provided below unless Grantor either (1) pays the tax before it
becomes delinquent, or (2) contests the tax as provided above in the Taxes and Liens section and deposits with
Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender.
SECURITY AGREEMENT; FlNANClNG STATEMENTS. The following provisions relating to this Deed of Trust as a
security agreement are a part of th·s Deed of Trust:
Security Agreement. This instrument shall constitute a Security Agreement to the extent any of the Property
constitutes fixtures, and Lender shall have all of the rights of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code
as amended from time to time.
Security Interest. Upon request by Lender, Grantor shall take whatever action is requested by Lender to perfect
and continue Lender‘s security interest in the Rents and Personal Property. In addition to recording this Deed of
Trust in the real property records, Lender may, at any time and without further authorization from Grantor, file
executed counterparts, copies or reproductions of this Deed of Trust as a financing statement. Grantor shall
reimburse Lender for all expenses incurred in perfecting or continuing this security interest. Upon default, Grantor
shall not remove, sever or detach the Personal Property from the Property. Upon default, Grantor shall assemble
any Personal Property not affixed to the Property in a manner and at a place reasonably convenient to Grantor and
Lender and make it available to Lender within three (3) days after receipt of written demand from Lender to the
Illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »-·· i   ·¤
08/27/2008 02:24P
PACOTI DT 55.00 Pacific Cc. HR

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 23--03 (Continued) Page 6
 
extent permitted by applicable law.
Addresses. The mailing addresses of Grantor (debtor) and Lender (secured party) from which information
concerning the security interest granted by this Deed of Trust may be obtained (each as required by the Uniform
Commercial Code) are as stated on the first page of this Deed of Trust.
FURTHER ASSURANCES; ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. The following provisions relating to further assurances and
attorney-in—fact are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Further Assurances. At any time, and from time to time, upon request of Lender, Grantor will make, execute and
deliver, or will cause to be made, executed or delivered, to Lender or to Lender‘s designee, and when requested by
Lender, cause to be filed, recorded, refiled, or rerecorded, as the case may be, at such times and in such offices
and places es Lender may deem appropriate, any and ell such mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, security
agreements, financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance, certificates, and
other documents as may, in the sole opinion of Lender, be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate, complete,
perfect, continue, or preserve lll Borrower's and Grantor‘s obligations under the Note, this Deed of Trust, and
the Related Documents, and (2) the liens and security interests created by this Deed of Trust on the Property,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired by Grantor. Unless prohibited by law or Lender agrees to the contrary in
writing, Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the matters referred
to in this paragraph.
Attorney-in-Fact. lf Grantor fails to do any of the things referred to in the preceding paragraph, Lender may do so
for and in the name of Grantor and at Grantor’s expense. For such purposes, Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints
Lender as Grantor‘s attorney-—in-fact for the purpose of making, executing, delivering, filing, recording, and doing all
other things as may be necessary or desirable, in Lender‘s sole opinion, to accomplish the matters referred to in
. the preceding paragraph.
FULL PERFORMANCE. If Borrower and Grantor pay all the Indebtedness when due, and Grantor otherwise performs all
the obligations imposed upon Grantor under this Deed of Trust, Lender shall execute and deliver to Trustee a request for
full reconveyance and shall execute and deliver to Grantor suitable statements of termination of any financing statement
on file evidencing Lender‘s security interest in the Rents and the Personal Property. Any reconveyance fee shall be paid
by Grantor, if permitted by applicable law. The grantee in any reconveyance may be described as the "person or
persons legally entitled thereto", and the recitals in the reconveyance of any matters or facts shall be conclusive proof
of the truthfulness of any such matters or facts.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Each of the following, at Lender‘s option, shall constitute an Event of Default under this Deed
of Trust:
Payment Default. Borrower fails to make any payment when due under the Indebtedness.
Other Defaults. Borrower or Grantor fails to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant or
condition contained in this Deed of Trust or in any of the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any
term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other agreement between Lender and Borrower or Grantor.
Compliance Default. Failure to comply with any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this
Deed of Trust, the Note or in any of the Related Documents.
Default on Other Payments. Failure of Grantor within the time required by this Deed of Trust to make any payment
for taxes or insurance, or any other payment necessary to prevent filing of or to effect discharge of any lien.
Default in Favor of Third Parties. Should Borrower or any Grantor default under any loan, extension of credit,
security agreement, purchase or sales agreement, or any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or person
that may materially affect any of Grantor‘s property or Borrower's or any Grantor‘s ability to repay the
Indebtedness or perform their respective obligations under this Deed of Trust or any of the Related Documents.
False Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Borrower or Grantor
or on Borrower’s or Grantor‘s behalf under this Deed of Trust or the Related Documents is false or misleading in
any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or becomes false or misleading at any time
thereafter.
Defective Collateralization. This Deed of Trust or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full force and
effect (including failure of any collateral document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any
time and for any reason.
Insolvency. The dissolution or termination of Borrower's or Grantor‘s existence as a going business, the
insolvency of Borrower or Grantor, the appointment of a receiver for any part of Borrower's or Grantor‘s property,
any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding
` under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Borrower or Grantor.
Creditor or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial
lllllllIllllllllIllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllll »--- =   13
08/27/2008 02:24P
PACOTI DT 55.00 Paolflc Cc, HA

DEED OF TRUST
Loan N0: 23-03 (Ccrltlnued) Page 7
proceeding. self·heIp, rapossession or any other method, by any creditor of Borrower or Grantor or by any
governmental agency against any property securing the Indebtedness. This includes a garnishment of any of
Borrowefs or Grantor's accounts, including deposit accounts. with Lender. However, this Event of Default shall
not apply if there is a good faith dispute by Borrower or Grantor as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim
which is the basis of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and if Borrower or Grantor gives Lender written notice of
the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender monies or a surety bond for the creditor or forfeiture
proceeding;. in an amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an adequate reserve or bond for the
dispute.
Breach of Other Agreement. Any breach by Borrower or Grantor under the terms of any other agreement between
Borrower or Grantor and Lender that is not remedied within any grace period provided therein, including without
limitation any agreement concerning any indebtedness or other obligation of Borrower or Grantor to Lender,
whether existing now or later.
Events Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any guarantor, endorser, surety,
or accommodation party of any of the Indebtedness or any guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party
dies or becomes incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability under, any Guaranty of the
Indebtedness.
Adverse Change. A material adverse change occurs in B0rr0wer's or Grantor's financial condition, or Lender
believes the prospect of payment or performance of the Indebtedness is impaired.
insecurity. lender in good faith believes itself insecure.
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. If an Event of Default occurs under this Deed of Trust, at any time thereafter,
Trustee or Lender may exercise any one or more of the following rights and remedies:
Election of Remedies. Election by Lender to pursue any remedy shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and
an election to make expenditures or to take action to perform an obligation of Grantor under this Deed of Trust,
after Grantor's failure to perform, shall not affect Lender's right to declare a default and exercise its remedies.
Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender shall have the right at its option to declare the entire Indebtedness immediately
due and payable, including any prepayment penalty which Borrower would be required to pay.
Foreclosure. With respect to all or any part of the Real Property, the Trustee shall have the right to exercise its
power of sale and to foreclose by notice and sale, and Lender shell have the right to foreclose by judicial
foreclosure, in either case in accordance with and to the full extent provided by applicable law.
UCC Remedies. With respect to all or any part of the Personal Property, Lender shall have all the rights and
remedies of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code.
Collect Rents. Lender shall have the right, without notice to Borrower or Grantor to take possession of and
manage the Property and collect the Flents, including amounts past due and unpaid, and apply the net proceeds,
over and above Lender's costs, against the Indebtedness. In furtherance of this right, Lender may require any
tenant or other user of the Property to make payments of rent or use fees directly to Lender. If the Rents are
collected by Lender, then Grantor irrevocably designates Lender as Grantor's attorney—in—fact to endorse
instruments received in payment thereof in the name of Grantor and to negotiate the same and collect the
proceeds. Payments by tenants or other users to Lender in response to Lender's demand shall satisfy the
obligations for which the payments are made, whether or not any proper grounds for the demand existed. Lender
may exercise its rights under this subparagraph either in person, by agent, or through a receiver.
Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to take possession of all or any part of
the Property, with the power to protect and preserve the Property, to operate the Property preceding or pending
foreclosure or sale, and to collect the Rents from the Property and apply the proceeds, over and above the cost of
the receivership, against the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without bond if permitted by law. Lender's
right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the Property exceeds the
Indebtedness by a substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from serving as a
receiver.
Tenancy at Sufferance. If G·antor remains in possession of the Property after the Property is sold as provided
above or Lender otherwise becomes entitled to possession of the Property upon default of Borrower or Grantor,
Grantor shall become a tenant at sufferance of Lender or the purchaser of the Property and shall, at Lender's
option, either (1) pay a reasonable rental for the use of the Property, or (2l vacate the Property immediately
upon the demand of Lender.
Other Remedies. Trustee or Lender shall have any other right or remedy provided in this Deed of Trust or the Note
or available at law or in equity.
Notice of Sale. Lender shall give Grantor reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale ofthe Personal `
Property or of the time after which any private sale or other intended disposition of the Personal Property is to be
llllliIllllllllIlllllllllllillllIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIII me »··· ·»
. I /2008 02:24P
- l°¤°°T·l or ss.o0 ¤•¤m¤ ca, un

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 23-03 (Continued) Page 8
made. Reasonable notice shall mean notice given at least ten (10) days before the time of the sale or disposition.
Any sale of the Personal Property may be made in conjunction with any sale of the Real Property.
Sale of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower and Grantor hereby waives any and all
rights to have the Property marshalled. ln exercising its rights and remedies, the Trustee or Lender shall be free to
sell all or any part of the Property together or separately, in one sale or by separate sales. I.ender shall be entitled
to bid at any public sale on all or any portion of the Property.
Attorneys' Fees; Expenses. lf Lender institutes any suit or action to enforce any of the terms of this Deed of
Trust, Lender shall be entitled to recover such sum as the court may adjudge reasonable as attorneys' fees at trial
and upon a·1y appeal. Whether or not any court action is involved, and to the extent not prohibited by law, all
reasonable expenses Lender incurs that in Lender‘s opinion are necessary at any time for the protection of its
interest or the enforcement of its rights shall become a part of the Indebtedness payable on demand and shall bear
interest a1: the Note rate from the date of the expenditure until repaid. Expenses covered by this paragraph include,
without limitation, however subject to any limits under applicable law, Lender‘s attorneys' fees and Lender‘s legal
expenses, whether or not there is a lawsuit, including attorneys' fees and expenses for bankruptcy proceedings
(including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post·judgment
collection services, the cost of searching records, obtaining title reports (including foreclosure reports), surveyors‘
reports, and appraisal fees, title insurance, and fees for the Trustee, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Grantor also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums provided by law.
Rights of 'Trustee. Trustee shall have all of the rights and duties of Lender as set forth in this section.
POWERS AND OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE. The following provisions relating to the powers and obligations of Trustee
{pursuant to Lender's instructions) are part of this Deed of Trust:
Powers of Trustee. In addition to all powers of Trustee arising as a matter of law, Trustee shall have the power to
take the following actions with respect to the Property upon the written request of Lender and Grantor: la) join in
preparing and filing a map or plat of the Real Property, including the dedication of streets or other rights to the
public; lb) join in granting any easement or creating any restriction on the Real Property; and lc) join in any
subordination or other agreement affecting this Deed of Trust or the interest of Lender under this Deed of Trust.
Obligations to Notify. Trustee shall not be obligated to notify any other party of e pending sale under any other
trust deed or lien, or of any action or proceeding in which Grantor, Lender, or Trustee shall be a party, unless
required by applicable law, or unless the action or proceeding is brought by Trustee.
Trustee. Trustee shall meet all qualifications required for Trustee under applicable law. In addition to the rights
and remedies set forth above, with respect to all or any part of the Property, the Trustee shall have the right to
foreclose by notice and sale, and l.ender shall have the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in
accordance with and to the full extent provided by applicable law,
Successor Trustee. Lender, at Lender‘s option, may from time to time appoint a successor Trustee to any Trustee
appointed under this Deed of Trust by an instrument executed and acknowledged by Lender end recorded in the
office of the recorder of Pacific County, State of Washington. The instrument shall contain, in addition to all other
matters required by state law, the names of the original Lender, Trustee, and Grantor, the book and page or the
Auditor's File Number where this Deed of Trust is recorded, and the name and address of the successor trustee,
and the instrument shall be executed and acknowledged by Lender or its successors in interest. The successor
trustee, without conveyance of the Property, shall succeed to all the title, power, and duties conferred upon the
Trustee in this Deed of Trust and by applicable law. This procedure for substitution of Trustee shall govern to the
exclusion of all other provisions for substitution.
NOTICES. Subject to applicable law, and except for notice required or allowed by law to be given in another manner,
any notice required to be given under this Deed of Trust, including without limitation any notice of default and any
notice of sale shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually received by
telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if
mailed, when deposited in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail postage prepaid. directed to
the addresses shown near the beginning of this Deed of Trust. All copies of notices of foreclosure from the holder of
any lien which has priority over this Deed of Trust shall be sent to Lender‘s address, as shown near the beginning of
this Deed of Trust. Any party may change its address for notices under this Deed of Trust by giving formal written
notice to the other parties, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the party's address. For notice I
purposes, Grantor agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of Grantor's current address. Subject to applicable law,
and except for notice required or allowed by law to be given in another manner, if there is more than one Grantor, any
notice given by Lender to any Grantor is deemed to be notice given to all Grantors.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. Tne following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Deed of Trust:
Amendments. This Deed of Trust, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and
agreement of the parties as to the matters set forth in this Deed of Trust. No alteration of or amendment to this
lllllllllllllllllllllIllllllIlllllllllllllllllll ;.··= ··· »
/27/2008 02:24P
PRCOTI DT 85.00 Paolfle Ce. HA

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 23-·03 lC0l’ttlnu6d) Page 9
 
Deed of Trust shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by the party or parties sought to be charged or
bound by the alteration or amendment.
Annuai Reports. If the Property is used for purposes other than Grantor's residence, Grantor shall furnish to
Lender, upon request, a certified statement of not operating income received from the Property during Grantor's
previous fiscal year in such form and detail as Lender shall require, "Net operating income" shall mean all cash
receipts from the Property less all cash expenditures made in connection with the operation of the Property.
Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Deed of Trust are for convenience purposes only and are not to be
used to interpret or define the provisions of this Deed of Trust.
Merger. There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Deed of Trust with any other interest or
estate in the Property at any time held by or for the benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent
of Lender.
Governing Law. This Deed of Trust will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and. to the extent not
preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of Washington without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Deed of Trust has been accepted by Lender in the State of Washington.
Choice of Venue. lf there is a lawsuit. Grantor agrees upon Lender's request to submit to the jurisdiction of the
courts of Pacific County, State of Washington.
Joint and Several Liability. All obligations of Borrower and Grantor under this Deed of Trust shall be joint and
several, and all references to Grantor shall mean each and every Grantor, and all references to Borrower shall mean
each and every Borrower. This means that each Grantor signing below is responsible for all obligations in this
Deed of Trust. Where any one or more of the parties is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or
‘ similar entity, it is not necessary for Lender to inquire into the powers of any of the officers, directors, partners,
members, or other agents acting or purporting to act on the entity's behalf, and any obligations made or created in
reliance upon the professed exercise of such powers shall be guaranteed under this Deed of Trust.
No Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Deed of Trust unless such
waiver is given in writing and signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right
shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver by Lender of a provision of this Deed of Trust
shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lender's right otherwise to demand strict compliance with that
provision or any other provision of this Deed of Trust. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any course of dealing
between Lender and Grantor, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender's rights or of any of Grantor's obligations
as to any future transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this Deed of Trust, the granting
of such consent by Lender in any instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where
such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of Lender.
Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Deed of Trust to be illegal, invalid, or
unenforceable as to any circumstance, that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal, invalid, or
unenforceable as to any other circumstance. lf feasible, the offending provision shall be considered modified so
that it becomes legal. valid and enforceable. lf the offending provision cannot be so modified, it shall be
considered deleted from this Deed of Trust. Unless otherwise required by law, the illegality, invalidity, or
unenforceability of any provision of this Deed of Trust shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any
other provision of this Deed of Trust.
Successors and Asslgns. Subject to any limitations stated in this Deed of Trust on transfer of Grant0r's interest.
this Deed of Trust shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns. lf
ownership ol the Property becomes vested in e person other than Grantor, Lender, without notice to Grantor, may
deal with Grentor's successors with reference to this Deed of Trust and the Indebtedness by way of forbearance or
extension without releasing Grantor from the obligations of this Deed of Trust or liability under the lndebtedness.
Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Deed of Trust.
Waive Jury. All parties to this Deed of Trust hereby waive the right to any jury trial In any action. proceeding. or
counterclaim brought by any party against any other party.
Waiver of Homestead Exemption. Grantor hereby releases and waives all rights and benefits of the homestead
exemption laws of the State of Washington as to all Indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust.
DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized words and terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Deed of
Trust. Unless specifically stated to the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money
of the United States of America. Words and terms used in the singular shall include the plural. and the plural shall
include the singular, as the context may require. Words and terms not otherwise defined in this Deed of Trust shall
have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code:
Beneficiary. The word "Beneficiary" means ShoreBank Enterprise Group, Pacific, and its successors and assigns.
06/27/2008 02:24P
lllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »··· =   »
PRCOTI DT 55.00 Paotllo Co. HR

DEED OF TRUST
Loan Na; 23-03 (Continued) Page 10
Borrower. The word "Borrower" means Allen Lebovitz; Lisa Bartel-Lebovitz; and Willapa Land and Dendrology,
Inc. and includes all co~signers and co—makers signing the Note and all their successors and assigns.
Deed of Trust. The words "Deed of Trust" mean this Deed of Trust among Grantor, Lender, and Trustee, and
includes without limitation all assignment and security interest provisions relating to the Personal Property and
Rents.
Default. The word “DefauIt" means the Default set forth in this Deed of Trust in the section titled "Default”.
Event of Default. The words "Event of Default" mean any of the events of default set forth in this Deed of Trust in
the events of default section of this Deed of Trust.
Existing Indebtedness. The words "Existing lndebtedness" mean the indebtedness described in the Existing Liens
provision of this Deed of Trust.
Grantor. The word "Grantor" means Willapa Land and DendroI09V. |nc..
Guaranty. The word "Guaranty" means the guaranty from guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party to
Lender, including without limitation a guaranty of all or part ofthe Note.
Improvements. The word "Improvements" means all existing and future improvements, buildings, structures,
mobile homes affixed on the Real Property, facilities, additions, replacements and other construction on the Real
Property.
Indebtedness. The word "Indebtedness" means all principal, interest, and other amounts, costs and expenses
payable under the Note or Flelated Documents, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of,
consolidations of and substitutions for the Note or Related Documents and any amounts expended or advanced by
Lender to discharge Grantor's obligations or expenses incurred by Trustee or Lender to enforce Grantor's
obligations under this Deed of Trust, together with interest on such amounts as provided in this Deed of Trust.
Specifically, without limitation, Indebtedness includes all amounts that may be indirectly secured by the
Cross-Collateralization provision of this Deed of Trust.
Lender. The word "Lender" means ShoreBank Enterprise Group, Pacific, its successors and assigns.
Note. The word "Nota" means the promissory note dated June 9, 2008, in the original principal 8n10Uni
of $646,904.00 from Borrower to Lender, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of,
refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the promissory note or agreement.
Personal Property. The words "PersonaI Property" mean all equipment, fixtures, and other articles of personal
property now or hereafter owned by Grantor, and now or hereafter attached or affixed to the Real Property;
together with all accessions, parts, and additions to, all replacements of, and all substitutions for, any of such
property; and together with all issues and profits thereon and proceeds (including without limitation all insurance
proceeds and refunds of premiums) from any sale or other disposition of the Property.
Property. The word "Property" means collectively the Real Property and the Personal Property.
Real Property. The words "Real Property" mean the real property, interests and rights, as further described in this
Deed of Trust.
Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan
agreements, guaranties, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and
all other instruments, agreements and documents, whether now or hereafter existing, executed in connection with
the Indebtedness; provided, that the environmental indemnity agreements are not "Related Documents" and are
not secured by this Deed of Trust.
Rents. The word "Rents" means all present and future rents, revenues, income, issues, royalties, profits, and
other benefits derived from the Property.
Trustee. The word "Trustee" means Pacific County Title C0., whose mailing address is P.O. Box 306, South Bend,
WA 98585 and any substitute or successor trustees.
llllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll ria » ··· ·¤
pgcoy /2008 02:24P
I DT 55.00 Pacific Ce. HR

DEED OF TRUST
Loan No: 23-03 (Continued) Page 11
GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS DEED OF TRUST, AND GRANTOR
AGREES T0 ITS TERMS.
GRANTOR:
WILLAPA AN/DHD @1% GY. INC.
  -// " Y 1/5/   · a""’”   P U
BY` _   _· · ·___ ’ ‘
· en Lebovitz, I?    Lund and Dendrology, Inc.
 
CORPORATE ACKNOWLEDGMENT
sure or _*_l/J6k5lr‘Il QQ lp /U__ I
"U A Iss
couutv or __l P<él lil ·-# I _
On this _   day of g   , 20   , before me, the undersigned
Notary Public, personally appeared Allen Lebovitz, President of Willapa Land and Dendrology, lnc.. and personally
known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be an authorized agent of the corporation that
executed the Deed of Trust and acknowledged the Deed of Trust to be the free and voluntary act and deed of the
corporation, by authority of its Bylaws or by resolution of its board of directors, for the uses and purposes therein
mentioned, and on oath stated that he or she is authorized to\exec_ute this Deed of Trust and in fact executed the Deed
of Trust o elf of the poration. `\\\\\\ “"_* ·.
By I LJ 5- __`€g;)‘§,;gI;./{O naming at ru
C 2 9 _;;·· 0;:9 ` x ’r , ‘
Notary Pub c in and for t e State of _.§'_Q'§ NO} O1f%‘%l|y commission expires `  
aq; U x Ei gw-.
2 ze c I ··< wm:
,;O Z Q`; CP _$;}U.C
»*‘ 2 v Oc os :
4 ew `r gs :
0 4 'II. O .t-° ~1·
II K9 n'l\hxxx\\·\" ~2‘
REQUEST FOR E€li;§Ee6§§VEYANCE
To: _____ , Trustee
The undersigned is the legal owner and holder of all indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust. You are hereby
requested, upon payment of all sums owing to you, to reconvey without warranty, to the persons entitled thereto, the
right, title and interest now held by you under the Deed of Trust.
Date: ____ Beneficiary: _
Bv= _______i______
‘ Its: _
LASER PRO Lending, Ver. 5.39.0C.OO8 Copr. Harland Financial Solutions, Inc. 1997, 2008. All Rights Reserved. -
WA L:\CFI\LPL\GO1.FC TR—263 PR-1
lllllll lllll llll llllll lllll lllllll lllll lll llllll lll llll ;;··= ·· ·· ·¤
/27/2008 02:24P
°°°°" DT Isaac Inertia ca, un

Exhibit A
PARCEL 1;
- The Northwest one quarter of the Northwest one quarter of Section 10, and Lots 1, 2 and 3
of Section 9 all in Township 9 North, Range 9 West of W.M., situate in Pacific County,
Washington.
PARCEL 2;
All tideland of the Third Class situated in front of abutting upon and adjacent to Lots 1, 2
and 3, Section 9, Township 9 North, Range 9 West of W.M., the meander line of said lots
being described as follows:
Beginning at the meander corner of fractional Sections 9 and 10 on right bank of the
Columbia River;
thence along the meander line of said lots, North 73.5° West 28.70 chains;
thence West 14.70 chains; `
thence South 64° West 11.40 chains;
thence South 77.5° West 7.19 chains to a point on said meander line where the line
dividing Lots 3 and 4 would intersect the same, having a total frontage of 61.99 chains.
All tidelands of the second class lying between the line of mean low tide and the line of
extreme low tide and in front of Lots 1, 2 and 3, Section 9, Township 9 North, Range 9 West
of W.M., with a frontage of 61.99 lineal chains more or less;
EXCEPTING, however, such portions, if any, as may have been previously sold as
detached tidelands.
Detached Tideland, Tax No. 22, described as follows:
Beginning at a point which is South 2108 feet and West 353.9 feet from the meander corner
between Sections 9 and *10, Township 9 North, Range 9 West of W.M., and from which
point the meander corner between Sections 10 and 11, same township and range, bears
South 75° 38' East 5423.5 feet and North 72° East 346.5 feet;
thence North 9° 32' East 405.9 feet to low water line;
thence North 89° 36' West 130.5 feet;
thence South 80° 37' West 800 feet;
thence South 77° 20‘ West 790 feet;
thence South 69° 38' West 522 feet;
thence South 74° 47‘ West 800 feet;
thence South 81° 55' West 780 feet;
thence South 69° 50* West 600 feet;
thence South 73 feet;
thence South 87° 46‘ East 600 feet;
thence North 81° 15’ East 800 feet;
thence North 83° 35' East 2200 feet;
thence South 86° 25' Easl: 2060 feet; »
thence South 80° 05' East 575 feet; .
thence North 79° 20' East 340 feet; V
thence North 150 feet;
thence North 67° 08' West 1600 feet;
thence North 74° 54' West 501.4 feet;
thence North 89° 36' West 287 feet; .
thence South 9° 32' West 405.9 feet to the place of beginning.
Pago: 12 of 13
HIIIII IIIII IIII Illll lllll IIIIIII Illll III llllll lll llll 3* *3 * **3
as/21/zeea 02:24P
moor: or sum Paotfto ce. un

Detached Tideland, Tax No. 29, described as follows:
Beginning at a point from which the meander corner between Sections 9 and 10, Township ·
9 North, Range 9 West of W.lVl. bears North 19.06 chains and the corner to Sections 3, 4, 9
and 10 bears North 39.52 chains;
thence North 84° West 18.00' chains;
thence South 85° West 255 chains;
thence South 68° West 31.00 chains;
thence South 26° West 8.00 chains;
thence South 40° 15' East 6.20 chains;
thence South 86° 15‘ East: 9.5 chains;
thence North 84° 15' East 46.00 chains;
thence South 85° 43' East 41.80 chains;
thence North 70° East 8.50 chains;
thence North 41° 45' West 15.10 chains;
thence North 69° 45* West 25.40 chains to the place of beginning containing an area of
194.91 acres, less 73.75 acres, the area of a tract of detached tidelands included in the
above description and which tract was heretofore sold to J.T. and L.A. Borcher, under
Application 1974.
Pago: 13 of 1.3
l llllll Illll Illl Illl lllll lllllll lllll lll Illlll lll llll 3* ‘° ‘ "“
05/27/2008 02 :24P
PQCOTI DT 55.00 Pacific Cc. H9 `

