Retum·A~cldress:
Bocin g Employees Credit Union
Attn: Consumer Loan Member Care
P.O. Box 97050
Seattle, Washington 98l 24-9750
·-—-———~  [Space Above This Line For Recording Data] —--~»----- -
ri - ‘ "'L
DEED OF TRUST 3 it I 7·It> f
(FUTURE ADVANCES SECURED - OPEN END CREDIT)
THIS DEED OF TRUST ("Security Instrument") is made on June 10, 2008 .
Tll€ t;f3¤T0T is KAREN D CLYNE. AS AN UNMARRIED INDIVIDUAL
("Borrower").
HIE UTl$Y€€‘ is Regional Trustee Scrviccs Corporation ("TlU$¥€€")·
The beneficiary is Boeing Employees' Credit Union, which is organized and existing under the laws of the State
of Washington, and whose address is P.O. Box 97050, Seattle, Washington 98124-9750 ("Lender"). Borrower has
entered into a Credit Line Account Variable Interest Rate Home Equity Secured Open—End Credit Agreement
and Truth—In-Lending Disclosure ( "Agreement") with Lender as of June 10. 2008 , under terms ot`
which Lender is obligated to provide and Borrower may, from time to time, obtain advances not to exceed, at
anytime, an amount equal to the Maximum Credit Limit (as defined therein) of $ 155,000,00
U.S. Dollars ("Mirxirnum Credit Limit"). This Agreement provides for monthly payments, with the lull debt, if not
paid earlier, due and payable on ima n,_ 20]} (unless tlie parties to the Agreement agree to
extend this date). This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment of the debt under the Agreement
with interest, and all renewals, extensions and modifications ofthe Agreements; (b) the payment of all other sums.
with interest, advanced under paragraph 5 to protect the security ofthis Security Instrument; and tc) the performance
ot` Borrowers covenants and agreements under this Security Instrument and the Agreement. For this purpose,
Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to Trustee, in trust, with power of sale, the following described property
located in Pacific County, Washington
LOBI'1 RCPCTCHCC Number: [(J()447t)tr(,()
Abbreviated Legal Description: |_4_ BLK 24, N ADD TO LONG BEACH, PACIFIC? ·CO..WA
Assessors Property Tax Parcel Number or Account Number(s): 7301 I0;24004
LOT 4 IN BLOCK 24 OF TINKER’S SECOND NORTH ADDITION TO LONG BEACH, ACCORDING TO
THE PLAT THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE AUDITOR OF PACIFIC COUNTY,
WASHINGTON.
which has the address of I IO 7th Sr NE Long Beach
[Str·cr·t[ [City]
Washington Qgbgl ("Property Address");
[Lip Code]
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements.
appurtenances, und fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replzrcernents and additions shall also be
covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the "Property."
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seized ofthe estate hereby conveyed and has the right
to grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencurnbered, except for encumbrances of record.
Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands, subject to any
encumbrances of record. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal and Interest: Late Charges or Other Fees and Charges. Borrower shall promptly
pay when due the principal of and interest on the debt owed under the Agreement and any late charges or any other
fees and charges due under the Agreement.
2. Charges; llriens. Borrower shall pay all taxes, assessments, charges. tines and impositiorrs attributable to the
Property which nray attain priority over this Security Instrument, and leasehold payments or ground rents, if any.
Borrower shall pay these obligations cirectly to the person owed payment. At Lenders request. Borrower shall
promptly furnish to Lender all notices of amounts to be paid under this paragraph and shall promptly furnish to
Lender receipts evidencing the payments.
OTBS 093 WA BECU (l2/OO`)
(page l of4 pages)
31 1 301 0
IllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllll »··· r ··~
06/24/2008 01:45P
FIRST RFIERICRN LENDER5 DT 46.00 Pacific Cc, HR

. , 7 e
Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument unless Borrower: (a)
agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable to Lender; (b) contests in
good faith the lien by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in, legal proceedings which in the Lender's opinion
operate to prevent the enforcement ofthe lien; or (c) secures from the holder ofthe lien an agreement satisfactory to
Lender subordinating the lien to this Security Instrument. If Lender determines that any part of the Property is subject to a
lien which may attain priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying the lien.
Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take one or more ofthe actions set forth above within I0 days ofthe giving of notice.
3. Hazard or Property Insurance. Borrower shall keep the improvements now existing or hereafter erected on the
Property insured against loss by fire, hazards included within the term "extended coverage" and any other hazards,
including floods or flooding, for which Lender requires insurance. This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts and
for the periods that Lender requires. The insurance carrier providing the insurance shall be chosen by Borrower subject to
Lender's approval which shall not be unreasonably withheld. If Borrower fails to maintain coverage described above,
Lender may, at Lender's option, obtain coverage to protect Lender's rights in the Property in accordance with paragraph 5.
All insurance policies and renewals shall be acceptable to Lender and shall include a standard mortgage clause. Lender
shall have the right to hold the policies and renewals. If Lender requires, Borrower shall promptly give to Lender all
receipts of paid premiums and renewal notices. In the event of loss, Borrower shall give prompt notice to the insurance
carrier and Lender. Lender may make proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrower.
Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing, insurance proceeds shall be applied to restoration or repair of
the Property damaged, if the restoration or repair is economically feasible and Lender's security is not lessened. If the
restoration or repair is not economically feasible or Lender's security would be lessened, the insurance proceeds shall be
applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due, with any excess paid to Borrower. If
Borrower abandons the Property, or does not answer within 30 days a notice from Lender that the insurance carrier has
offered to settle a claim, then Lender may collect the insurance proceeds. Lender may use the proceeds to repair or
restore the Property or to pay sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due. The 30-day period will
begin when the notice is given.
Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing, any application of proceeds to principal shall not extend or
postpone the due date or amount of the payments due under the Agreement. If under paragraph I7 the Property is acquired
by Lender, Boi·rower's right to any insurance policies and proceeds resulting from damage to the Property prior to the
acquisition shall pass to Lender to the extent of the sums secured by this Security Instrument immediately prior to
the acquisition.
4. Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Leaselrolds. Borrower shall not destroy, damage or
impair the Property, allow the Property to deteriorate, or commit waste on the Property. Borrower shall be in default if
any forfeiture action or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, is begun that in Lender's good faith judgment could result in
forfeiture of the Property or otherwise materially impair the lien created by this Security Instrument or Lender's security
interest. Borrower may cure such a default and reinstate, as provided in paragraph I5, by causing the action or proceeding
to be dismissed with a ruling that, in Lender's good faith determination, precludes forfeiture of the Borrower's interest in
the Property or other material impairment of the lien created by this Security Instrument or Lender's security interest. If
this Sectuity Instrument is on a leasehold, Borrower shall comply with all the provisions ofthe lease. If Borrower
acquires fee title to the Property, the leasehold and the fee title shall not merge unless Lender agrees to the merger
rn writing.
5. Protection of Lender's Rights in the Property. If Borrower fails to perform the covenants and agreements
contained in this Security Instrument, or there is a legal proceeding that may significantly affect Lender's rights in the
Property (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, probate, for condemnation or forfeiture or to enforce laws or regulations),
then Lender may do and pay for whatever is necessary to protect the value of the Property and Lender's rights in the
Property. Lender's actions may include paying any sums secured by a lien which has priority over this Security
Instrument, appearing in court, paying reasonable attorneys' fees and entering on the Property to make repairs. Although
Lender may take action under this paragraph 5, Lender does not have to do so.
Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this paragraph 5 shall become additional debt of Borrower secured by this
Security Instrument. Unless Borrower and Lender agree to other terms of payment, these amounts shall bear interest from
the date of disbursement at the rate chargeable for advances under the Agreement and shall be payable, with interest, upon
notice from Lender to Borrower requesting payment.
6. Inspection. Lender or its agent may make reasonable entries upon and inspections of the Property. Lender shall
give Borrower notice at the time of or pri or to an inspection specifying reasonable cause for the inspection.
7. Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, in connection with any
condemnation or other taking of any part of the Property, or for conveyance in lieu of condemnation, are hereby assigned
and shall be paid to Lender.
In the event of a total taking ofthe Property, the proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security
Instrument, whether or not then due, with any excess paid to Borrower. In the event of a partial taking of the Property in
which the fair market value of the Property immediately before the taking is equal to or greater than the amount of the
sums secured by this Security Instrument immediately before the taking, unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in
writing, the sums secured by this Security Instrument shall be reduced by the amount of the proceeds multiplied by the
following fraction: (a) the total amount of the sums secured immediately before the taking, divided by (b) the fair market
value of the Property immediately before the taking. Any balance shall be paid to Borrower. In the event of a partial
taking ofthe Property in which the fair market value ofthe Property immediately before the taking is less than the amount
of the sums secured immediately before the taking, unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing or unless
applicable law otherwise provides, the proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument whether
or not the sums are then due.
If the Property is abandoned by Borrower, or if, after notice by Lender to Borrower that the condcmnor offers to make
an award or settle a claim for damages, Borrower fails to respond to Lender within 30 days after the date the notice is
given, Lender is authorized to collect and apply the proceeds, at its option, either to restoration or repair of the Property or
to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due.
Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing, any application of proceeds to principal shall not extend or
postpone the due date or amount of the payments due under the Agreement.
8. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of the time for payment or
modification of amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender to any successor in
interest of Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of the original Borrower or Borrowers successors in interest.
Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against any successor in interest or refuse to extend time for
payment or otherwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any demand
made bythe original Borrower or Borrowers successors in interest. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or
remedy shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy.
9. Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Co-signers. The covenants and agreements of
this Security Instrument shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender and Borrower, subject to the
OTBS 093 WA BECU (I2/OO)
(page 2 uf4 pages)
3 1 1 30 1 0
06/24/2008 01:45P
ll llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »··· r  ··
Fznsr nrranrcnu rsuosns or 46-00 F’¤¤1I'i¤ °¤· N0

provisions of paragraph I4. Borrowers covenams and agreements shall be joint and. several. Any Borrower who co-signs this
Security Instrument but is not personally liable under the Agreement: (a) is co—signing this Security Instrument only 1:o
mortgage, grant and convey that Borrowers intcrcst in the Property under the terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not
personally obligated to pay the sums seemed by this Security Instrument; and (c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower
may agree to extend, modify, forbcur or make any accommodations with regard to the temxs of this Security Instrument or
thc Agreement without that Borrowers consent.
I0. Loan Charges. if the loan secured by this Security Instrument is subject to a lam which sets maximum lozm
charges, and that law is finally interpreted so that the interest or other loan charges collected or to bc collected in connection
with thc loan exce ed the permitted limits, then: (a) any such loan charge shall bc reduced by the amount necessary to reduce
the charge to the pcmwitted limit; and {b) any sums already collected From Borrower which exceeded permitted limits will he
refunded to Bmrowcr. Lender may choose to make this refund by reducing the prmcipal owed under thc Agreement or by
making a direct payment to Borrower. ll`a refund reduces principal, the reduction will be treated as a partial prepayment
under thc Agreement.
ll. Notices. Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by delivering it or by
mailing it by first class mail unless applicable law requires use of another method, The notice shall bc directed to the
Property Address or any other address Borrower designates by notice to Lender. Any notice to Lender shall bc given by 1irs;t
class mail to l.cn;ler‘s address stated herein or any other address Lender designates by notice to Borrower. Any notice
provided for in this Sccumy Instrument shall he decmcd to have been given to Borrower or Lcrdcr when given as provided
in this paragraph.
12. Governing Law; Severability. This Security Instrument shall be govcmcd by federal law and the law of the
junsdiclion in wh ch the Property is located. ln the event that any provision or clause of this Security Instrument or the
Agreement conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not afuzct other provisions of this Security Instrument or the
Agreement which can be given effect without thc conflicting provision. To this end the provisions ofthis Security Instrument
and the Agreement are declared to bc scverablc.
I3. Borrower'; Copy. Borrower shall be given one conformed copy of the Aggreernent and this Security Instrument.
l4. Transfer ofthe Property or a Beneficial Interest in Borrower. lf all or any part of` thc Property or any interest in
it is sold or transibircd (or il` a beneficial intcrcst in Borrower is sold or transferred and Borrower is not a natural person)
without L<mder‘s prior written consc nl. Lender may, at its option, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by
this Security Instrument. However, this option shall not be exercised by Lender ifczxcrcise is prohibited by federal law as of
thc date ofthis Security Instrument.
lf Lender cxcrcises this option, Lender shall give Borrower notice of acceleration. The notice shall provide zi
period of not lcss than 30 days from the date thc notice is delivered or mailed within which Borrower must pay all
sums secured by this Security lnsvrument. IF Borrower fails to pay these sums prior to the expiration of this period.,
Lender may invoke any remedies permitted by this Security Instrument without further notice or demand
on Borrower.
15. Borrower's Right to Reinstate. lf Borrower meets certain conditions, Borrower shall have thc right to
have enforcement of this Security Instrument discontinued at any time prior to the earlier of: (a) 5 days (or such
other period as applicable law may specify for reinstatement) before sale ofthe Property pursuant to any power of`
sale contained m this Security Instrument; or (b) entry of a judgment enforcing this Security Instrument. Those
conditions are that Borrower: (21) pays Lender all sums which then would be due under this Security Instrument and
the Agreement as ifno acceleration had occurred; (b) curcs any default of any other covenants or agreements; (cl
pays all expenses incurred in enforcing this Security Instrument, including, but not Iimitccl to, reasonable attomcys‘
fees; and (d) takes such action as Lender may reasonably require to assure that the licn of this Security instrument,
Lcndcr's rights in thc Property and Borrower‘s obligation to pay thc sums scoured by this Security Instrument shall
continue unchanged. Upon reinstatement by Borrower, this Security Instrument and thc obligations secured hereby
shall remain fully effective as if no acceleration had occurred. However, this right to reinstate shall not apply in the
case of acceleration under paragraph M.
16. Hazardous Substances. Bowower shall not cause or permit the presence, usc, disposal, storage, or release
of any Harardous Substances on or in thc Property. Borrower shall not do, nor allow anyone elsc to do, anything
affecting the Property that is in violation of any Environmental Law. The preceding two sentences shall not apply to
the presence. usc. or storage on the Properly of small quantities of` Hayzudous Substances that are generally
recognized to be appropriate to normal residential uses and to maintenance ofthe Property.
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of any invesligationl claim, demand, lawsuit or other
action by any governmental or regulatory agency or private party involving the Property and any Hazardous
Substance or Environmental Law cf' which Borrower has actual knowledge. lf Borrower learns, or is notified by any
governmental or regulatory authority, that any removal or other remediation ol` any Hazardous Substance affecting
thc Property is necessary. Borrower shall promptly take all necessary remedial actions in accordance with
Environmental law.
As used in this paragraph l6, "l~leuurd0us Substances" are those substances defined as toxic or hazardous substances by
Environmental Law and the following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or toxic petroleum products, toxic
pcsticidcs and herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or l°omwa|d<:hydc, and radioactive marcnuls. As
used in this paragraph 16, "Environmcma| Law" means fcdcral laws and laws of thc jurisdiction where thc Property is
located that relate to health, safety or environmental protection.
17. Acceleration; Remedies. Lender shall give notice to Borrower prior to acceleration following Borrower's
breach of any covenant or agreement in this Security Instrument or the Agreement under which acceleration is
permitted (but not prior to acceleration under paragraph 14 unless applicable law provides otherwise). The notice
shall specify: (a) the default; (b) thc action required to cure the default; (c) a date, not less than 30 days from the date
the notice is given to Borrower, by which the default must be cured; and (d) that failure to cure the default on or
before the date specitied in the notice may result in acceleration of the sums secured by this Security Instrument and
sale ofthe Property at public auction at a date not less than l20 days in the future. The notice shall further inform
Borrower of the right to reinstate after acceleration, the right to bring :1 court action to assert the non-existence of a
default or any other defense of Borrower to acceleration and sale, and any other matters required to be included in
tl1e notice by applicable law. lf the default is not cured on or before the date specified in the notice, Lender at its
option may require immediate payment: in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument without further
demand and may invoke the power of sale and any other remedies permitted by applicable law. Lender shall be
entitled to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided in this paragraph I7, including, but not
limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of title evidence. lf Lender invokes the power of sale. Lender shall
give written notice to Trustee of the occurrence of an event of default and of Lender's election to cause the Property
to be sold. Trustee and Lender shall take such action regarding notice of sale and shall give such notices
to Borrower and to other persons as applicable law may require. After the time required by applicable
UTBS 093 WA BECU (l2/O0)
(page E1 of4 pages)
3 1 1 30 1 0
Il|I||I|||||llllllllIllllllllllIllllllllllllllllllll »··- l =····
06/24/2008 01 :45P
FIRST RHERICFIN LENDERS OT 46,0  Pacific Cc. Nh

. , •' 1
law and after publication of the notice of sale, Trustee, without demand on Borrower, shall sell the Property
at public auction to the highest bidder at the time and place under the terms designated in the notice of sale
in one or more parcels and in any order Trustee determines. Trustee may postpone sale of the Property for a
period or periods permitted by applicable law by public announcement at the time and place fixed in the
notice of sale. Lender or its designee may purchase the Property at any sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee's deed conveying the Property without any covenant or
warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee's deed shall be prima facie evidence of the truth
of the statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in the following order: (a) to all
expenses of the sale, including, but not limited to, reasonable Trustee's and attorneys' fees; (b) to all sums
secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) any excess to the person or persons legally entitled to it or to the
clerk of the superior court of the county in which the sale took place.
18. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument and termination of
Borrower's ability to obtain further advances under any Agreement or Note, Lender shall request Trustee to
reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security Instrument and all notes evidencing debt secured by this
Security lnsuumerrt to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvey the Property without warranty to the person or persons
legally entitled to it. Such persons or persons shall pay an recordation costs and the Trustee's fee for preparing
the reconveyance.
19. Substitute Trustee. In accordance with applicable law, Lender may from time to time appoint a successor
trustee to any Trustee appointed hereunder who has ceased to act. Without conveyance ofthe Property, the successor
trustee shall succeed to all the title, power and duties conferred upon Trustee herein and by applicable law.
20. Use of Property. The property is not used principally for agricultural or farming purposes.
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained in pages l
through 4 of this Security Instrument,
-Borrower —Borrower
Karen Clyne
H I , , ;xn”,,,"r
,r·‘(,0*§.Y.’.TY§ A2
`\` Y- _.·‘\g,slO~   O ‘:.
-Borrowcr \ .· 2* + °· Q -Borrowc-tr
S 030 Wlmy €3t'¢\§
g og ° ...... ~» gp g
?:__.£*g_ ·°U3r_\G ja. $
`:;"),•·•€{` 0 8 »•\‘?•'.·KO  
2-. 6*   .....·   0 \
Owner of Collateral (other than Borrower) Owner of°Q;’ eWll( tgt an Borrower)
"//uu//’
STATE OF WASHINGTON, K I D G County ss:
Q -
On this IOL day of dow`) v , Je **3 , before me the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for the State of
Washington, duly commissioned and swom, personally appeared  _[\ [LE A Q L sl Q I;
to me known to be the individual(s) described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged to
me that signed and sealed the said instrument as HQQ free and voluntary act and deed, for the uses and purposes
therein mentioned.
WITNESS my hand and official seal affixed the day and year in this certificate above written.
My Commission expires; Q   — Og ’ { { [ "-F · {/5 »
f€Q2·;»»t l **6i · ONO/Of
Notary Public in and for the State of Washington residing at;
’l lr L to aus I tr) A
  l
Col 020*7 lrfm Youre //
REQUEST FOR RECONVEYANCE
To Trustee:
The undersigned is the holder of the Agreement secured by this Deed of Trust. Said Agreement, together with
all other indebtedness secured by this Deed of Trust, have been paid in full. You are hereby directed to cancel said
Agreement and this Deed of Trust, which are delivered hereby, and to reconvey, without warranty, all the estate
now held by you tmder this Deed of Trust to the person or persons legally entitled thereto.
Date:
Copyright Oak Tree Business Systems, Inc., 1999 — 2000. All Rights Reserved OTBS 093 WA BECU (I2/00)
(page 4 of`4 pages)
IlllllllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »··· i ··~
FIRST RHERICRN LENDERS DT 46.00 g?¢f5i;2g:,BHg1:45p

