’3
Cb
\B PACIFIC COUNTY TITLE COMPANY
I ~ ,. *
gg] T'?) LTO 7
i
r
TT Return To:
WACHOVIA MORTGAGE CORPORATION NC—4723
ATTN: POST CLOSING
1100 CORPORATE CENTER DRIVE
RALEIGH. NC 27607
Assessor's Parcel or Account Number: 7 2 O O 3 0 O 5 4 0 1
Abbreviatcd Legal Description;
EAST 60 FEET OF LOTS I AND 2 OF BLOCK 5 IN THE CHARLES BLAKE
{metrnre rot. mock and pim or sa¤r1o¤.rt»wmIr1p and I-argc] Full legal description located on page 3 .
Tmstcc: FIRST AMERICAN TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY
Additional Grantees Iocated on page .
——-—-—-;-——-—-—--[Space Above This Line For Recording Data] --;—·-·—-—-——--— -·---·—·-—·——
MIN 100l.310·22709383<I8~7
LOAN NO . 227- 938348
DEFINI'[`I(.)NS
Words used in multiple sections of this document are defined below and other words are delined in
Sections 3. I I. 13, 18, 20 and 2I. Centain mles regarding the usage ol` words used in this document are
also provided in Section I6.
(A) "Security Instrument" means this document which is dated JUNE 1%%, 2008 .
together with all Riders to this document.
(B) "B0rrowcr"is
IRVIN E. ROBISON AND MICHELLE N, ROBISON, HUSBAND AND WIFE
Borrower is the trustor under this Security Instrument.
(C) "LcndcIr"is AMERICAN MORTGAGE NETWORK, rnc. , A DELAWARE coRpoRATrorr
WASHINGTON Single FamiIy·Fannie Mas/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT WITH MERS Form 3048 1.I01
@ .oA¢wm Ioor 2).01 `) .
® -v
Page 1 of 15 (K `...»;
VMP Ivlortgage Solutions, Inc
IIIIIII IIIIIIIII IIIIII IIIII IIIII IIIIII III IIIII IIIIIIII »··· = ··· »
08/23/2008 02:53P
PRCOTI or 60.00 P•¤1r1¤ co, un

Lender is a. CORPORATION
organized and existing unde.r the laws of THE STATE OF DELAWARE .
Lender's address is P . O. BOX 85463 , SAN DIEGO, CA 92186
(D) *'Tmgi;o.;"is FIRST AMERICAN TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY.
(E) "MERS" is Mortgage lilcctronic Registration Systems. Inc. MERS is a separate corporation that is
acting solely as a nominee for Lender and Lcnder‘s successors and assigns. MERS is the beneficiary
under this Security Instrument. MERS is organized and existing under the laws of Delaware, and has an
address and telephone number of P.O. Box 2026, Flint, MI 4850l-2026, tel. (888) 079-MERS.
(F) "N0te"“nieans the promissory note signed by Borrower and dated JUNE 18 , 20 08 .
The Note stares that Borrower owes Lender EIGHTY THREE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND
00/100 Dollars
(U.S. $ 8 3 , 200 . 0 0 t plus interest. Borrower has protnised to pay this debt in regular Periodic
Payments and to pay the debt in full not later than JULY 01., 2038 .
(G) "Pr0p·erty" tneans the property that is described below under the heading "Transfer of Rights in the
Property."
(H) "Loan" means the debt evidenced by the Note, plus interest, any prepayment charges and late charges
due under the Note. and all sums due under this Security Instrument, plus interest.
(I) "Rider:s" means all Riders to this Security Instrument that are executed by Borrower. The following
Riders are to be executed by Borrower lcheck box as applicable];
E] Acliustable Rate Rider lj Condominium Rider ij Second Home Rider
E] Balloon Rider lj Planned Unit Development Rider X I-4 Family Rider
II;] VA. Rider K] Biwcclcly Payment Rider EI Othcrts) [specifyl
(J) "Applicable Law" means all controlling applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations,
ordinances and administrative rules and orders (that have the effect of law) as well as all applicable final.
non—appealabIe judicial opinions.
(K) "Community Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments" means all dues, fees. assessments and other
charges that arc imposed on Borrower or the Property by a condominium association. homeowners
association or similar organization.
(L) "Electironic Funds Transfer" means any transfer of funds, other than a transaction originated by
check, draft. or similar paper instrument. which is initiated through an electronic terminal. tclephonic
instrument, computer. or magnetic tape so as to order. instruct. or authorize a linancial institution to debit
or credit an account. Such term includes, but is not limited to. point—of-sale transfers, automated teller
machine transactions. transfers initiated by telephone. wire transfers. and automated clearinghouse
transfers.
(M) "Escrow Items" means those items t;hat are described in Section 3.
(N) "Miscellnneous Proceeds" means any compensation. settlement. award of damages. or proceeds paid
by any third party (other than insurance proceeds paid under the coverages described in Section 5) lor; (i)
damage to. or destruction oil the Property; (ii) condemnation or other taking of all or any part of the
Property; (iii) conveyance in lieu of condemnation; or (iv) misrepresentations of. or omissions as to. thc
value and/or condition of the Property.
(0) "Mortgage Insurance" means insurance protecting Lender against the nonpayrnent of. or default on,
thc Loan.
(P) "Periotlic Payment" means the regularly scheduled amount due for (i) principal and interest under the
Note. plus (ii) any amounts under Section 3 of this Security Instrument. [
;»r;— rw
®D~6A(W/1.) {0012).01 Page 2 of 15 :\\ Form 3048 1/O1
3 1 1 2994
I lllll Illll lll Illll II|Il lll Illllll lll Illll lll lll »-·· I =·· ··
08/23/2008 02:53P
PRCOTI DT 60.00 Pacific Cc, HR

(Q) "RESPA" means the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (12 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq.) and its
irnplementirrg regulation. Regulation X (24 C.F.R. Part 3500). as they might be amended from time to
time. or any additional or successor legislation or regulation that governs the same subject matter. As used
in this Security Instrrunent, "RESPA" refers to all requirements and restrictions that are imposed in regard
to a "federally related mortgage loan" even if the Loan does not quality as a "tbderally related mortgage
loan" under RESPA.
(R) "Succcssorin Interest of Borrower" means any party that has taken title to the Property, whether or
not that party has assumed ESorrower's obligations under the Note and/or this Security Instrument.
TRANSFER OF RIGHTS IN THE PROPERTY
The beneficiary of this Security Instrument is MERS (solely as nominee for Lender and Lender's
successors and assigns) and the successors and assigns of MERS. This Security Instrument secures to
Lender: (i;· the repayment ofthe Loan. and all renewals. extensions and modifications of the Note; and (ir)
the performance of Borrowers covenants and agreements under this Security Instrument and the Note. For
this purpose. Borrower irrevocably grants and conveys to Trustee. in trust, with power of sale. the
fOllOWl1`lg (lCSCI'lbCd pl‘Op€fly lOCtllCCl lll the COUNTY [Type of Recording Jurisdiction]
of  *`(;__ {-S-}5n§d<11§‘ [Name of Recording Jurisdiction] Z
EAST 60 FEET OF LOTS I AND .2 OF BLOCK 5 IN THE CHARLES BLAKE
ADDITION TO RAYMOND. ACCORDING TO THE PLAT THEREOF ON FILE IN
VOLUME D-3 OF PLATS AT PAGE 134 IN THE OFFICE OF Tl-IE AUDITOR
OF PACIFIC COUNTY, WASHINGTON
E 60‘ LOTS I & 2 BLK 5 CHARLES BLAKE ADD
Parcel ID Number: 72003005 (101 which currently has the address of
522 CLIEVELAND AVE ]Slreet|
RAYMOND [city; ,Washing1on 98577 |Zip code]
("Propeny Address");
TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all
easements, appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property, All replacements and
additions shall also be covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this
Security Instrument as the "P’ropcr·ty." Borrower understands and agrees that MERS holds only legal title
to the interest s granted by Borrower in this Security Instrument. but, if necessary to comply with law or
custom. MEZRS (as nominee for Lender and Lender's successors and assigns) has the right: to exercise any
or all of those interests. including. but riot limited to. the right to foreclosc and sell the Property; and to
take any action required of Lender including. but not limited to. releasing and canceling this Security
Instrument.
BORROWER COVENANTS that Borrower is lawfully seised of the estate hereby conveyed and has
the right to grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, escept for encumbrances
X rf';)  
@~6A(WA) IOO12l.O1 Page 3 of 15 — Form 3048 1/01
3 1 1 2994
lllllllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIllllllllIIII   3 ·· ··
PRCOTI or 60.00 Pgizilgzgtgaugzlsap

of record. Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and
demands, subiect to any encumbrances of record.
Tl-IIS SECURITY INS’l`RUlvfEN‘l` combines uniform covenants for national use and non-uniform
covenants with limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real
property.
UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:
1. Payment of Principal, Interest, Escrow Items, Prepayment Charges, and Late Charges.
Borrower shall pay when due the principal of. and interest on. the debt evidenced by the Note and any
prepayment charges and late charges due under the Note. Borrower shall also pay funds for Escrow Items
pursuant to Section 3. Payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument shall be made in U.S.
currency. However. if any check or other instrument received by Lender as payment under the Note or this
Security Instrument is returned to Lender unpaid. Lender may require that any or all subsequent payments
due under the Note and this Security Instrument be made in one or more of the following forms, as
selected by Lender: ta) cash; (la) money order; (e) certified check. bank check, treasurer's check or
cashier's check. provided any such check is drawn upon an institution whose deposits are insured by a
federal agency, instrumentality, or entity; or (d) Electronic Funds Transfer.
Payments are deemed received by Lender when received at the location designated in the Note or nt
such other lc-cation as may be designated by Lender in accordance with the notice provisions in Section I5.
Lender may return any payment or partial payment if the payment or partial payments are insufficient to
bring the Loan current. Lender may accept any payment or partial payment insullicient to bring the Loan
current. witlxout waiver of any rights hereunder or prejudice to its rights to relitse suclt payment or partial
payments in the future, but Lender is not obligated to apply such payments at the time such payments are
accepted. lf each Periodic Payment is applied as of its scheduled due date. then Lender need not pay
interest on unapplied funds. Lender may hold such unapplied tiinds until Borrower makes payment to bring
the Loan current. If Borrower does not do so within a reasonable period of time. Lender shall either apply
such funds or return them to Borrower. lf not applied earlier. such funds will be applied to the outstanding
principal balance under the Note immediately prior to foreclosure. No offset or claim which Borrower
might have now or in the future against Lender shall relieve Borrower from making payments due under
the Note and this Security Instrument or performing the covenants and agreements secured by this Security
Instrument
2. Application of Payments or Proceeds. Except as otherwise described in this Section 2, all
payments accepted and applied by Lender shall be applied in the following order of priority: (a) interest
due under the Note; (bl principal due under the Note; (c) amounts due under Section 3. Such payments
shall be applied to each Periodic Payment in the order in which it became due. Any remaining amounts
shall be applied first to late charges, second to any other amounts due under this Security Instrument. and
then to reduce the principal balance of the Note.
lf Lender receives a payment from Borrower for a delinquent Periodic Payment which includes a
sufficient amount to pay any late charge due. the payment may be applied to the delinquent payment and
the late charge. If more than one Periodic Payment is outstanding. Lender may apply any payment received
from Borrower to the repayment of the Periodic Payments if and to the extent that. each payment can be
paid in full. To the extent that any excess exists after the payment is applied to the lull payment of one or
more Periodic Payments. such excess may be applied to any late charges due. Voluntary prepayments shall
be applied first to any prepayment charges and then as described in the Note.
Any application of payments, insurance proceeds. or Miscellaneous Proceeds to principal due under
the Note shall trot extend or postpone the due date. or change the amount, of the Periodic Payments.
3. Funds for Escrow lltems. Borrower shall pay to Lender on the day Periodic Payments are due
under the Note. until the Note is paid in full, a sum (the "Funds") to provide for payment of amounts due
for: (a) taxes and assessments and other items which can attain priority over this Security Instrument as a
lien or encutnbrance on the Property; (li) leasehold payments or ground rents on the Property. if any; (cl
premiums for any and all insurance required by Lender under Section 5; and td) Mortgage Insurance
premiums. if any, or any sums payable by Borrower to Lender in lieu of the payment of Mortgage
Insurance premiums in accordance with the provisions of Section l0. These items are called "Escrow
ltems." At origination or at any time during the term of the Loan. Lender may requi e that Community
ec. > nl}
Q-6A(W/-li) {0012).01 Page 4 of 15 ` Form 3048 1/O1
3 1 1 2994
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »—-· = ··· 1·
06/23/2008 02:saP
PRCOTI DT 60.00 Pacific Cc. HQ

Association Dues. Fees. and Assessments. if any, be escrowed by Borrower. and such dues. fees and
assessments shall be an Escrow Item. Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender all notices of amounts to
be paid uneler this Section. Borrower shall pay Lender the Funds for Escrow Items unless Lender waives
Borrowers obligation to pay the Funds for any or all Escrow Items. Lender may waive Borrower’s
obligation to pay to Lender Funds for any or all Escrow Items at any time. Any such waiver may only be
in writing. In the event of such waiver. Borrower shall pay directly. when and where payable. the amounts
due for any Escrow Items Ihr which payment of Funds has been waived by Lender and. if Lender requires.
shall furnish to Lender receipts evidencing such payment within such time period as Lender may require.
Borrowers obligation to make such payments and to provide receipts shall for all purposes be deemed to
be a covenant and agreement contained in this Security Instrument, as the phrase "covenant and agreement"
is used in Election 9. lf Borrower is obligated to pay Escrow Items directly. pursuant to a waiver. and
Borrower fails to pay the amount due lor an Escrow [tent. Lender may exercise its rights under Section 9
and pay such amount and Borrower shall then be obligated under Section 9 to repay to Lender any such
amount. Lender may revoke the waiver as to any or all Escrow Items at any time by a notice given in
accordance with Section 15 and. upon such revocation, Borrower shall pay to Lender all Funds. and in
such amounts. tltat are then required under this Section 3.
Lender may. at any time. collect and hold Funds in an amount (a) suliicient to permit Lender to apply
the Funds at. the time speci lied under RESPA. and (b) not to exceed the maximum atnount a lender can
require under RESPA. Lender shall estimate the atnount of Funds due on the basis of current data and
reasonable estimates of expenditures of future Escrow Items or otherwise in accordance with Applicable
Law.
The Funds shall be held in an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency.
instrumentality. or entity (including Lender, if Lender is an institution whose deposits are so insured) or in
any Federal Home Loan Bank. Lender shall apply the Funds to pay the Escrow Items no later than the time
specified under RESPA. Lender shall not charge Borrower for holding and applying the Funds. annually
analyzing the escrow account, or verifying the Escrow Itcrns, unless Lender pays Borrower interest on the
Ftntds and Applicable Law permits Lender to make such a charge. Unless an agreement is made in writing
or Applicable Law reqtiires interest to be paid on the Funds. Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower
any interest or earnings on the Funds. Borrower and Lender can agree in writing. however. that interest
shall be paid ou the Funds. Lender shall give to Borrower, without charge. an annual accounting of the
Funds as required by RESPA.
If there is a surplus ol` Funds held in escrow. as defined under RESPA. Lender shall account to
Borrower for the excess funds in accordance with RESPA. If there is a shortage of Funds held in escrow.
as defined under RESPA. Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower shall pay to
Lender the atnount necessary to make up the shortage in accordance with RESPA. but in no more than 12
monthly payments. lf there is a deficiency of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA- Lender shall
notify Borrower as required by RESPA. and Borrower shall pay to Lender the amount necessary to make
up the deficiency in accordance with RESPA. but in no more than 12 monthly payments.
Upon payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall promptly refirnd
to Borrower any Funds held by Lender.
4. Charges; Liens. Borrower shall pay all taxes. assessments, charges. lines. and impositions
attributable to the Property which can attain priority over this Security Instrument. leasehold payments or
ground rents; on the Property. if any. and Community Association Dues. Fees, and Assessments. if any. To
the extent that these items are Escrow Items. Borrower shall pay thcin in the inanncr provided in Section 3.
X lr til!
@>·6A(WAl (0012).01 Page 5 of I5 _-% \ Form 3048 1/O1
3 1 1 2994
IlllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII »··· t ~·· »
'°*°°TI or com gE¤/tiigzgiga uzmsap

Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument unless
Borrower: (a) agrees in writing tc· the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable
to Lender. but only so long as Borrower is performing such agreement; (b) contests the lien in good faith
by. or defends against enforcement of the lien in. legal proceedings which in Lender‘s opinion operate to
prevent the enforcement of the lien while those proceedings are pending, but only until such proceedings
are concltrcled: or (c) secures: from the holder of the lien an agreement satisfactory to Lender subordinating
the lien to this Security Inst rument. lf Lender determines that any part of the Property is subiect to a lien
which can attain priority over this Security Instrument, Lender may give Borrower a notice identifying the
lien. Within 10 days of the date on which that notice is given. Borrower shall satisfy the lien or take one or
more ofthe actions set forth above in this Section 4.
Lender may require Borrower to pay a one—time charge for a real estate tax verification and/or
reporting service used by Lender in connection with this Loan.
5. Property Insurance. Borrower shall keep the improvements now existing or hereafter erected on
the Property insured against loss by fire. hazards included within the term "extended coverage," and any
other liazards including. but not limited to. earthquakes and floods. for which Lender requires insurance.
This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts (including deductible levels) and for the periods that
Lender requires. What Lender requires pursuant to the preceding sentences can change during the term of
the Loan. 'l`Ite insurance carrier providing the insurance shall be chosen by Borrower subject to Lender’s
right to disapprove Borrowers choice. which right shall not be exercised unreasonably. Lender may
require Borrower to pay. in connection with this Loan, either: (a) a one·time charge for flood zone
determination. certification and tracking services; or (b) a one-time charge for flood zone determination
and certification services and subsequent charges each time remappings or similar changes occur which
reasonably might affect such determination or certification Borrower shall also be responsible for the
payment of any fees imposed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency in connection with the
review of airy flood zone determination resulting from an objection by Borrower.
lf Borrower fails to maiiitain any of the coverages described above. Lender may obtain insurance
coverage, at Lender’s option and Borrower's expense. Lender is under no obligation to purchase any
particular type or amount of coverage. Therefore, such coverage shall cover Lender. but might or might
not protect Borrower. Borrower‘s equity in the Property. or the contents ol` the Property. against any risk.
hazard or liability and might provide greater or lesser coverage than was previously in effect. Borrower
acknowledges: that the cost of the insurance coverage so obtained might significantly exceed the cost of
insurance that Borrower could have obtained. Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this Section 5 shall
become additional debt of Borrower secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest
at the Note fate from the date of disbursement and shall be payable, with suclt interest, upon notice from
Lender to Borrower requesting payment.
All insurance policies required by Lender and renewals of such policies shall be subiect to Lcnder's
right to disapprove such policies. shall include a standard mortgage clause, and shall name Lender as
mortgagee and/or as an additional loss payee. Lender shall have the right to hold the policies and renewal
certificates. ll` Lender requires. Borrower shall promptly give to Lender all receipt.s of paid premiums and
renewal notices. lf Borrower obtains any form of insurance coverage. not otherwise required by Lender.
for damage to. or destruction of, the Property. such policy shall include a standard mortgage clause and
shall name Le nder as mortgagee and/or as an additional loss payee.
In the event of loss, Borrower shall give prompt notice to the insurance carrier and Lender. Lender
may make proof of loss if net made promptly by Borrower. Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree
in writing, any insurance proceeds. whether or not the underlying insurance was required by Lender. shall
be applied to restoration or repair of the Property, if the restoration or repair is economically feasible and
Lenders security is not lessened. During such repair and restoration period, Lender shall have the right to
Q-6A(WA) (0012).OT Page 6 of 15 —— orm 3048 1/O1
3 1 1 2994
IllllllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »··· = »·r »
08/23/2008 02:53P
tmcotr or 00.00 Pactflo ce. un

hold such insurance proceeds until lender has had an opportunity to inspect such Property to ensure the
work has been completed to Lenders satisfaction. provided that such inspection shall be uridertaken
promptly. Lender may disburse proceeds for the repairs and restoration in a single payment or in a series
of progress payments as the work is completed. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law
requires interest to be paid on such insurance proceeds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any
interest or earnings on such proceeds. Fees for public adjusters. or other third panics. retained by
Borrower shall 1lOl be paid out of the insurance proceeds and shall be the sole obligation of Borrower. lf
the restoration or repair is not economically feasible or Lender's security would be lessened. the insurance
proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument. whether or not then due. with
the excess. if any. paid to Borrower Such insurance proceeds shall be applied in the order provided for in
Section 2.
lf Borrower abandons the Property. Lender may file, negotiate and settle any available insurance
claim and related matters. lf Borrower does not respond within 30 days to a notice from Lender that the
insurance carrier has offered to settle a claim, then Lender may negotiate and settle the claim. The 30-dav
period will begin when the notice is given. In either event. or if Lender acquires the Property under
Section 22 or otherwise. Borrower hereby assigns to Lender (a) Borrower's rights to any insurance
proceeds in an amount not to exceed the amounts unpaid under the Note or this Security Instrument, and
(b) any other of Borrower's rights (other than the right to any refund of unearned premiums paid by
Borrowerl under all insurance policies covering the Property. insofar as such rights are applicable to the
coverage of the Property. Lender may use the insurance proceeds either to repair or restore the Property or
to pay amounts unpaid under the Note or this Security Instrument, whether or not then due.
6. Occupancy. Borrower shall occupy. establish. and use the Property as Borrower's principal
residence within 60 days a.ftcr the execution of this Security Instrument and shall continue to occupy the
Property as Borrower's principal residence for at least one year after the date of occupancy. unless Lender
otherwise agrees in writing, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. or unless extccniiatirig
circumstances exist which are beyond Borrower's control.
7. Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property: Inspections. Borrower shall not
destroy, d.arnage or impair the Property. allow the Property to deteriorate or comnut waste on the
Property. Whether or not Borrower is residing in the Property. Borrower shall maintain the Property in
order to prevent the Property from deteriorating or decreasing in value due to its condition. Unless it is
determined pursuant to Section :5 that repair or restoration is not economically leasiblc. Borrower shall
promptly repair the Property il` damaged to avoid further deterioration or damage. lf insurance or
cotidemnation proceeds are paid in connection with damage to. or the taking of the Property. Borrower
shall be responsible for repairing or restoring the Property only if Lender has released proceeds lor such
purposes. Lender may disburse proceeds for the repairs and restoration in a single payment or in a series of
progress payments as the work is completed. Il` the insurance or condemnation proceeds are not sufticient
to repair or restore the Property. Borrower is not relieved of Borrower's obligation for the completion of
such repair or restoration.
Lender or its agent may make reasonable entries upon and inspections of the Property. If it has
reasonable cause. Lender may inspect the interior of the improvements on the Propcny. Lender shall give
Borrower notice at the time of or prior to such an interior inspection specifying such reasonable cause.
8. Borrower's Loan Application. Borrower sltall be in default ii during the Loan application
process. Borrower or any persons or entities acting at the direction of Borrower or with Borrower's
knowledge or consent gave materially lalse. misleading, or inaccurate information or statements to Lender
(or failed to provide Lender with material informatioii) in connection with the Loan. Material
representations include. but are not limited to. representations concerning Borrower's occupancy of the
Property as Borrower's principal residence.
h
 
Et; ‘~
@§—6A(WA_l (0012).01 Page 7 of 15 Form 3048 1l01
3 1 1 2994
llllllIllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »··· = ~· ·~
06/23/2008 02:53P
PHCOTI DT 60.00 Pacific Ce. HH

9. Protection of Lender's lriterest in the Property and Rights Under this Security Instrument. If
(a) Borrower fails to perform the covenants and agreements contained in this Security Instrument. (b) there
is a legal proceeding that might signiiicantly affect Lender's interest in the Property and/or rights under
this Security Instrument (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy. probate. for condemnation or forfeiture. for
enforcement of a lien which may attain priority over this Security Instrument or to enforce laws or
regulations). or (c) Borrower has abandoned the Property. then Lender may do and pay for whatever is
reasonable or appropriate to protect Lender's interest in the Property and rights under this Security
Instrument. including protecting and/or assessing the value of the Property. and securing and!or repairing
the Property. Lcndcr's actions can include. but are not limited to: (a) paying any sums secured by a lien
which has priority over this Security Instrument; (b) appearing in court; and (c) paying reasonable
attorneys‘ fees to protect its interest in the Property and/or rights under this Security Instrument. including
its secured position in a bankruptcy proceeding. Securing the Property includes. but is not limited to.
entering the Property to make repairs. change locks. replace or board up doors and windows. drain water
from pipes. eliminate building or other code violations or dangerous conditions, and have utilities turned
on or oil`. Although Lender may take action under this Section 9. Lender does not have to do so and is not
under any dirty or obligation to do so. It is agreed that Lender incurs no liability for not taking any or all
actions authorized under this Section 9.
Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this Section 9 shall become additional debt of Borrower
secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of
disbursement and shall be payable. with such interest. upon notice from Lender to Borrower requesting
payment.
lf this Security Instrument is on a leasehold. Borrower shall comply with all the provisions of the
lease. lf Bo·rrower acquires tec title to the Property. the leasehold and the fee title shall not merge unless
Lender agrees to the merger in writing.
10. Mortgage Insurance. lf Lender required Mortgage Insurance as a condition of making the Loan.
Borrower shall pay the prcrriiurns required to rnaintainthe Mortgage Insurance in effect. Ill for any reason.
the Mortgage Insurance coverage required by Lender ceases to be available from the mortgage insurer that
previously provided such insurance and Borrower was required to make separately designated payments
toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance, Borrower shall pay the premiums required to obtain
coverage siibstantially equivalent to the Mortgage Insurance previously in effect. at a cost substantially
equivalent to the cost to Borrower of the Mortgage Insurance previously in effect, from air alternate
mortgage insurer selected by Lender. lf substantially equivalent Mortgage Insurance coverage is not
available. Borrower shall continue to pay to Lender the amount of the separately designated payments that
were due when the insurance coverage ceased to be in effect Lender will accept. use and retain these
payments as a non-refundable loss reserve in lieu of Mortgage Insurance. Such loss reserve shall be
non-refundable, notwithstanding the fact that the Loan is ultimately paid in full, and Lender shall not be
required to pay Borrower any interest or eamings on such loss reserve. lender can no longer require loss
reserve payments if Mortgage Insurance coverage (in the amount and for the period that Lender requiresl
provided by an insurer selected by Lender again becomes available. is obtained. and Lender requires
separately designated payments toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance. If Lender required Mortgage
Insurance as a condition of making the Loan and Borrower was required to make separately designated
payments toward the premiums for Mortgage Insurance, Borrower shall pay the premiums required to
maintain Mortgage Insurance in effect. or to provide a non·ret`undable loss reserve. until Lendcr’s
requirement for Mortgage Insurance ends in accordance with any written agreement between Borrower and
Lender providing for such termination or until termination is required by Applicable Law. Nothing in this
Section I0 allects Borrower's obligation to pay interest at the rate provided in the Note.
Mortgage Insurance reimburses Lender (or any entity that purchases the Note) for certain losses it
may incur if Borrower does not repay the Loan as agreed. Borrower is not a party to thc Mortgage
Insurance.
Mortgage insurers evaluate their total risk on all such insurance in force from time to time. and may
enter into agreements with other parties that share or modify their risk. or reduce losses. These agreements
are on terms and conditions that are satisfactory to the mortgage insurer and the other party (or parties) to
these agreements. These agreements may require the mortgage insurer to make payments using any source
of funds that the mortgage insurer may have available (which may include funds obtained from Mortgage
Insurance premiums). (D
Q)-BAIWA) (0012).01 Page 8 of I5   Form 3048 1I01
3 1 1 2994
08/23/2008 02:53P
I\l|\\\\|\\|llll\\|\\l|\I\lll\l|\Il\t\\\l|\\l\\\|\\ »-·· =   ~·
Pacon pr 80.00 Paottlo Cc. NR

As a result of these agreements. Lender. any purchaser of the Note, another insurer. airy reinsr.ir·:»r.
any other entity. or airy aftiliate of any of the foregoing, may receive (directly or indirectly) amounts that
derive from (or might be characterized as) a portion of Borrower's payments for Mortgage Insurance, in
exchange for sharing or modifying the mortgage insurcr‘s risk. or reducing losses. lf such agreement
provides that an affiliate of Lender takes a share of the insurer’s risk in exchange for a share of the
premiums paid to the insurer, the arrangement is ollen termed "captive reinsuranee." Further;
(a) Any such agreements will not affect the amounts that Borrower has agreed to pay for
Mortgage Insurance, or any other terms of the Loan. Such agreements will not increase the amount
Borrower will owe for Mortgage Insurance, and they will not entitle Borrower to any refund.
(b) Any such agreements will not affect the rights Borrower has - if any — with respect to the
Mortgage Insurance under the Horneowncrs Protection Act of 1998 or any other law. These rights
may include the right to receive certain disclosures, to request and obtain cancellation of the
Mortgage Insurance, to have the Mortgage Insurance terminated automatically, and/or to receive a
refund of any Mortgage Insurance premiums that were unearned at the time of such cancellation or
termination.
ll. Assignment of Miscellaneous Proceeds; Forfeiture. All Miscellaneous Proceeds are hereby
assigned to and shall be paid to Lender.
lf the Property is damaged, such Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to restoration or repair of
the Property. if the restoration or repair is economically feasible and Lenders security is not lessened,
During such repair and restoration period. Lender shall have the right to hold such Miscellaneous Proceeds
until Len-der has had an opportunity to inspect such Property to ensure the work has been completed to
Lenders satisfaction, provided that such inspection shall be undertaken promptly. Lender may pay for thc
repairs and restoration in a single disbursement or in a series of progress payments as the work is
completed. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to be paid on such
Miscellaneous Proceeds. Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or earnings on such
Miscellaneous Proceeds. lf the restoration or repair is not economically feasible or Lender's security would
be lessened. the Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument.
whether or not then due. with the excess, if any, paid to Borrower. Such Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be
applied in the order provided for in Section 2.
ln the event of a total taking. destruction, or loss in value of the Property. the Miscellaneous
Proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due, with
the excess. if airy. paid to Borrower.
In the event of a partial taking. destruction. or loss in value of the Property in wlrieh the fair market
value of the Property immediately behnre the partial taking. destruction, or loss in value is equal to or
greater than the amount of the sums secured by this Security Instrument immediately before the partial
taking. destruction. or loss in value. unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing. the sums
secured by this Security Instrument shall be reduced by the amount of the Miscellaneous Proceeds
multiplied by the following fraction: (a) the total amount of the sums secured immediately behire the
par1ial taking. destruction. or loss in value divided by (b) the fair market value of the Property
immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value. Any balance shall be paid to Borrower.
ln the event of a partial taking, destruction. or loss in value of the Property in which the fair market
value of the Property immediately before the partial taking. destruction. or loss in value is less than the
amount of the sums secured immediately before the partial taking. destruction, or loss in value, unless
Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing, the Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to the sums
sccrired by this Security Instrument whether or not the sums are then due.
lf the Property is abandoned by Borrower, or if after notice by Lender to Borrower that the
Opposing Party (as defined in the next sentence) offers to make an award to settle a claim for damages.
Borrower mils to respond to Lender within 30 days after the date the notice is given. Lender is authorized
to collect and apply the Miscellaneous Proceeds either to restoration or repair of the Property or to the
sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due. "Opposing Party" means the third party
that owes Borrower Miscellaneous Proceeds or the party against whom Borrower has a right of action in
regard to Miscellaneous Proceeds.
X ag. gf)
Q-6AlWA) (0012).01 Page 9 of 15 '— Form 3048 1/O1
3 1 1 2994
A •: 9 of IB
llllli|||||Ill|ll||I|||||H|||ll|||llllllllllllll ra ..,....  
PRCOTI DT Bh.00 Pacific Co.

Borrower shall be in default if any action or proceeding, whether civil or criminal. is begun that, in
Lender's judgment. could result in forfeiture of the Property or other material impairment ol` Lenders
interest in the Property or tights under this Security Instrument. Borrower can cure such a default and. it`
acceleration has occurred. reinstate as provided in Section I9. by causing the action or proceeding to be
dismissed with a ruling that. in Lender's judgment. precludes forfeiture of the Property or other ntaterial
impairment of Lender's interest in tlte Property or rights under this Security Instruntent. The proceeds ot`
any award. or claint for damages that are attributable to tlte itnpairment of Lender's interest in the Property
are hereby assigned and shall be paid to Lender.
All Miscellaneous Proceeds that are not applied to restoration or repair of the Property shall bc
applied in tlte order provider! for in Section 2.
12. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver. Extension of tlte time for
payment or modilicatioii of amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender
to Borrower or any Successor in Interest of Borrower shall not operate to release thc liability of Borrower
or any Successors in Interest of Borrower. Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against
airy Successor in Interest of Borrower or to refuse to extend time lor payment or otherwise modify
amortization of the stints secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any demand tnade by the original
Borrower or any Successors in Interest of Borrower. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or
remedy including, without limitation. Lender's acceptance of payments from third persons, entities or
Suecessors in Interest of Borrower or in antounts less than the amount then due, shall not be a waiver of or
preclude tlte exercise of any right or remedy.
I3. Joint and Several Liability; C0-signers; Successors and Assigns Bound. Borrower covenants
and agrees that Borrower's obligations and liability shall be joint and several. However. any Borrower who
co-signs this Security Instrument but does not execute tlte Note (a "co-signer"): (a) is co-sigiting this
Security Instrument only to mortgage. grant and convey the co—signer's interest in the Property under the
terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not personally obligated to pay tlte sums secured by this Security
Instrument; and (c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower can agree to extend. modity forbear or
make any accommodations with regard to the terms of this Security Instrument or the Note without the
co-signer's consent.
Subject to the provisions of Section 18. any Successor in Ittterest of Borrower who assumes
Borrower's obligations under this Security Instrument in writing, and is approved by Lender. shall obtain
all of Borrower's rigltts and benelits under this Security Instrttmcnt. Borrower shall not be released front
Borrower's obligations and liability under this Security lnstruinent unless Lender agrees to such release in
writing. The covenants and agreements of this Security lnstmment shall bind (except as provided in
Section 20) and beneiit the successors and assigns of Lender.
14. Loan Charges. Lender may charge Borrower fees for services performed in connection with
Borrower's default. for tlte purpose of protecting Lender’s interest in tlte Property and rights under this
Security Instrument. including. but not limited to. attorneys fees. property inspection and valuation fees.
In regard to any other fees, the absence of express authority in this Security Instrument to charge a specific
fee to Borrower shall not be construed as a prohibition on the charging of such fee. Lender may not charge
fees that arc expressly prohibited by this Security Instrument or by Applicable Law.
If tlte Loan is subject to a law which sets maximum loan charges, and that lan is hnally interpreted so
that the interest or other loan charges collected or to be collected in connection with tlte Loan exceed tlte
permitted limits, then: (a) any such loan charge shall be reduced by the amount necessary to reduce the
charge to tlte permitted limit; and (b) any sums already collected from Borrower which exceeded permitted
limits will be refunded to Borrower. bender may choose to make this refund by reducing tlte principal
owed under the Note or by making a direct payment to Borrower. If a reiimd reduces principal. the
reduction will be treated as a partial prepayment without any prepayment charge (whether or not a
prepayment charge is provided for under the Note). Borrower's acceptance of any such refund tnade by
direct payment to Borrower will constitute a waiver of any right of action Borrower might have arising out
of such overcharge.
15. Notices. All notices given by Borrower or Lender in connection with this Security Instrument
nnist be in writing. Any notice to Borrower in connection with this Security Instrument shall bc deemed to
have been given to Borrower when nrailed by tirst class mail or when actually ctelivered to Borrower's
.E,€__ (WJ
@9-6AtwA;· (3012).01 Page 10 or is Form 3048 1101
3 1 12994
Illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll lll rata. ·t.it
PHCOTI or tt .00 Pacific ce. un `

notice address if sent by other means. Notice to any one Borrower shall constitute notice to all Borrowers
unless Applicable Law expressly requires otherwise. The notice address shall be the Property Address
unless Borrower has designated a substitute notice address by notice to Lender. Borrower shall promptly
notify Lender of Borrower's chairge of address. lf Lender specifies a procedure for reporting Borrower'a
change of address. tlten Borrower shall only report a change of address through that specified procedure.
There may be only one designated notice address under this Security lnstmmeut at any one time. Any
notice to Lender shall be given by delivering it or by mailing it by iirst class mail to Lendcr's address
stated herein unless Lender has designated another address by notice to Borrower. Any notice in
connection with this Security Instrument shall not be deemed to have been given to Lender until actually
received by Lender. If any notice required by this Security Instrument is also required under Applicable
Law. the Applicable Law requirement will satisfy the corresponding requirement under this Security
Instrument.
16. Governing Law; Severability; Rules of Construction. This Security lnstrurnerrt shall hc
governed by federal law and the law of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. All rights and
obligations contained in this Security lnstrumertt are subject to any requirements and limitations ol`
Applicable Law. Applicable Law might explicitly or implicitly allow the parties to agree by contract or it
might be silent. but such silence shall not be construed as a prohibition against agreement by contract. In
the event that any provision or clause of this Security Instnunent or the Note conflicts with Applicable
Law. such conflict shall l10l affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or the Note which can he
given effect without the conllicting provision.
As used in this Security Instrument: (a) words of the masculine gender shall mean and include
correspondirtg neuter words or words of the feminine gender; (b) words in the singular shall mean and
include the plural and vice versa; and (c) the word "may" gives sole discretion without any obligation to
take any act i on.
17. Borrower's Copy. Borrower shall be given one copy of the Note and of this Security Instrument.
18. ”I`ransfer of the Property or a Beneficial Interest in Borrower. As used in this Section IS.
"lnterest in the Property" means any legal or beneficial interest in the Property. including. but not limited
to. those beneficial interests transferred in a bond for deed. contract for deed, installment sales contract or
escrow agreement. the intent of which is the transfer of title by Borrower at a future date to a purchaser,
If all or any part of the Property or any Interest in the Property is sold or transferred (or if Borrower
is not a natural person and a beneficial interest in Borrower is sold or transferred) without Lender's prior
written consent. Lender may require immediate payment in hill of all sums secured by this Security
lnstrurncnt. However. this option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited by
Applicable Law.
lf Lender exercises this option. Lender shall give Borrower notice of acceleration. Tite notice shall
provide a period of not less than 30 days from the date the notice is given in accordance with Section ifi
within which Borrower must pay all sums secured by this Security Instrument. lf Borrower fails to pay
these sums prior to the expiration of tltis period. Lender may invoke any remedies permitted by this
Security Instrument without further notice or demand on Borrower.
I9. Borr0wer’s Right to llleinstate After Acceleration. lf Borrower meets certain conditions.
Borrower shall have the right to have enforcement of this Security Instrument discontinued at any tirnc
prior to the earliest of: (a) five days before sate of the Property pursuant to any power of sale contained in
this Security Instrument; (b) such other period as Applicable Law might specify for the termination of
Borrower's right to reinstate; or (c) entry of a judgment enforcing this Security Instrument. Tltosc
conditions are that Borrower: (a) pays Lender all sums which then would be dire under this Security
Instrument and the Note as if no acceleration had occurred; (b) cures any default of any other covenants or
agreements; (c) pays all expenses incurred in enforcing this Security Instrument. including. brit not limited
to. reasonable attorneys' fees. property inspection and valuation fees. and other fees incurred for the
purpose of protecting Lender's interest in the Property and rights under this Security Instrument; and (d)
takes such action as Lender may reasonably require to assure that Lerrder's interest in the Property and
rights rrnder this Security Instrument. and Borrower’s obligation to pay the sums secured by this Security
Instrument. shall continue unclranged. Lender may require that Borrower pay such reinstatement sums and
expenses in one or more of the following forms, as selected by Lender: (a) cash; (b) money order; (c)
E 0 {  
@—6A(WA) [0012).01 Page 11 ot 15 Form 3048 1/01
3 1 12994
lllllll lllll llll llllll lllll lllll lllllll lll llllll lll llll ii--: ~ ··· »
"'*°°II DT same r=•t$i:2g:8u22'53p

certified check. bank check. treasurer's check or cashier's check, provided any such check is drawn upon
an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency, instrumentality or entity; or td) Electronic
Funds Transfer. Upon reinstatement by `Borrower. this Security lnstmrnent and obligations secured hereby
shall remain fully effective as if no acceleration had occurred. However. this right to reinstate shall not
apply in the case of acceleration under Section 18.
20. Sale of Note; Change of Loan Servicer; Notice of Grievance. The Note or a partial interest in
the Note (together with this Security Instrument) can be sold one or more times without prior notice to
Borrower. A sale might result in a change in the entity (known as the "Loan Seivicer") that collects
Periodic Payments due undcr the Note and this Security Instrument and performs other mortgage loan
servicing obligations under the Note. this Security Instmment, and Applicable Law. There also might be
one or more changes of the Loan Servicer unrelated to a sale of the Note. If there is a change of the Loan
Servicer, Borrower will be given written notice of the change which will state tlte nanre and address of the
new Loan Servicer. the address to which payments should be made and any other information RESPA
requires in connection with a notice of transfer of servicing. If the Note is sold and thereafter the Loan is
serviced by a Loan Servicer other than the purchaser of the Note, thc mortgage loan servicing obligations
to Borrower will remain with the Loan Servicer or be transferred to a successor Loan Servicer and are not
assumed by the Note purchaser unless otherwise provided by the Note purchaser.
Neither Borrower nor Lender may commence. join. or bc joined to any judicial action (as either au
individual litztgant or the member of a class) that arises from the other party's actions pursuant to this
Security Instrument or that alleges that the other party has breached any provision of. or any duty owed by
reason of. this Security lnstruiuent. until such Borrower or Lender has noriiied the other party (with such
notice given in compliance with the requirements of Section 15) of such alleged breach and afforded the
other party hereto a reasonable period after the giving of such notice to take corrective action. lf
Applicable Law provides a time period which must elapse before certain action can be taken, that time
period will be deemed to be reasonable for purposes of this paragraph. The notice of acceleration and
opportunity to crire given to Borrower pursuant to Section 22 and the notice of acceleration given to
Borrower pursuant to Section lit shall be deemed to satisfy the notice and opportunity to take corrective
action provisions of this Section 20.
21. Hazardous Substances. As used in this Section 21; (a) "Hazardous Substances" are those
substances defined as toxic or hazardous substances. pollutants, or wastes by Enviroruuental Law and the
following substances: gasoline. kerosene. other tlaniinable or toxic petroleum products. toxic pesticides
and herbicides. volatile solvents. materials containing asbestos or formaldehyde. and radioactive materials;
(b) "Environmental Law" rncans federal laws and laws of the jurisdiction where the Property is located that
relate to health. safety or environmental protection; (c) "Environmcntal Cleanup" includes any response
action. remedial action. or removal action. as defined in Environmental Law; and (d) an "Errviromnental
Condition" means a condition that can cause, contribute to, or otherwise trigger an Environmental
Cleanup.
Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence. use, disposal, storage, or release of any Hazardous
Substances. or threaten to release any Hazardous Substances. on or in the Property. Borrower shall not do.
nor allow anyone else to do. anything affecting the Property (a) that is in violation of any Environmental
Law, (b) which creates an Environmental Condition, or (c) which, due to the presence. use. or release of a
Hazardous Substance. creates; a condition that adversely affects the value of the Property. The preceding.
two sentences shall not apply to the presence. use. or storage on the Property of small quantities of
Hazardous Substances that are generally recognized to be appropriate to normal residential uses and to
maintenance ofthe Property (including. but not limited to. hazardous substances in consumer products).
Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of (a) any investigation. claim. demand. lawsuit
or other action by any govenirnental or regulatory agertcy or private party involving the Property and any
Hazardous Substance or Environmental Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge. tb) any
Environmental Condition. including but not limited to. any spilling, leaking. discheargenrelease or threat of
E; H  
@{6/\(WA) (OOl2).Ol Page l2 of lEi Form 3048 'l/O1
3 1 1 2994
lllllll Illllllllllllll Illll lllllllllll ll |||||l lll lll »-·· r » ·· ·»
08/23/2008 02:53P
PRCOTI DT 80.% Pacltlo Cc. NR

release of any Hazardous Substance. and (c) any condition caused by the presence. use or release of a
Hazardous. Substance which adversely affects the value of the Property. If Borrower learns. or is notified
by any governmental or regulatory authority. or any private party. that any removal or other remediation
of any Hazardous Substance aflecting the Property is necessary, Borrower shall promptly take all necessary
remedial actions in accordance with Environmental Law. Nothing herein shall create any obligation on
Lender hor an Environmental Cleanup.
NON-UNIFORM COVENANTS. Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows;
22. Acceleration; Remedies. Lender shall give notice to Borrower prior to acceleration following
Borrower·"s breach of any covenant or agreement in this Security Instrument (but not prior to
acceleration under Section IS unless Applicable Law provides otherwise). The notice shall specify: ta)
the default: (b) the action required to cure the default; (c) a date, not less than 30 days from the date
the notice is given to Borrower, by which the default must be cured; and (rl) that failure to cure the
default on or before the date specified in the notice may result in acceleration of the sums secured by
this Security Instrument and sale of the Property at public auction at a date not less than 120 days in
the future. The notice shall further inform Borrower of the right to reinstate after acceleration, the
right to bring a court action to assert the non·existence of a default or any other defense of Borrower
to acceleration and sale, and any other matters required to be irrcludcd in the notice by Applicable
Law. lf the default is not cured on or before the date specified in the notice, Lender at its option,
may require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument without
further demand and may invoke the power of sale and/or any other remedies permitted hy
Applicable Law. Lender shall be entitled to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies
provided in this Section 22, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of title
evidence.
lf Lender invokes the power of sale, Lender shall give written notice to Trustee of the
occurrence of an event of default and of Lender's election to cause the Property to be sold. Trustee
and Lender shall take such action regarding notice of sale and shall give such notices to Borrower
and to other persons as Applicable Law may require. After the time required by Applicable Law and
after public ation of the notice of sale, Trustee, without demand on Borrower. shall sell the Property
at public auction to the highest bidder at the time and place and under the terms designated in the
notice of sale in one or more parcels and in any order Trustee determines. Trustee may postpone sale
of the Property for a period or periods permitted by Applicable Law by public announcement at the
time and place lixed in the notice of sale. Lender or its designee may purchase thc Property at any
sale.
Trustee shall deliver to the purchaser Trustee's deed conveying the Property without any
covenant or warranty, expressed or implied. The recitals in the Trustee's deed shall be prima facie
evidence of thc truth of the statements made therein. Trustee shall apply the proceeds of the sale in
the following order: (a) to all expenses of the sale, including, but not limited to. reasonable Trustee's
and attorncys' fees; (b) to all sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (cl any excess to the
person or pc rsons legally entitled to it or to the clerk of the superior court of the county in which the
sale took place.
23. Reconveyance. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument. Lender shall
request Trustee to reconvey the Property and shall surrender this Security Instnunent and all notes
evidencing debt secured by this Security Instrument to Trustee. Trustee shall reconvcy the Property
without warranty to the person or persons legally entitled to it. Such person or persons shall pay any
recordation costs andthe Tn1stcc's fee for preparing the reconveyance.
24. Substitute Trustee. ln accordance with Applicable Law. Lender may from time to time appoint
a successor trustee to any Tmstce appointed hereunder who has ceased to act. Without conveyance of the
Property. the successor trustee shall succeed to all the title. power and duties conferred upon Trustee
herein and by Applicable Lan.
E? tW“
@·6A(WA) (0012).01 Page 13 ot 15 __—_—- Form 3048 1/O1
3 1 12994
Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllll »-·· r 13 ·r »»
P¤¤0TI or sooo gse/riigzgrgsugzisap

25. Use of Property. The Property is not used principally for agricultural purposes.
26. Atturneys' Fees. Lender shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys' fees and costs in
any action or proceeding to construe or enforce any term of this Security Instrument. The term "attorneys'
fces." whenever used iu this Security Instrument. shall include without limitation attorncys’ fees incurred
by Lender in any bankruptcy proccedin g or on appeal.
ORAL AGREEMENTS OR ORAL COMMITMENTS T0 LOAN MONEY, EXTEND
CREDIT, OR TO FORBEAR FROM ENFORCING REPAYMENT OF A DEBT ARE
NOT ENFORCEABLE UNDER WASHINGTON LAW.
BY SIGNING BELOW. Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained in this
Security Instrument and in any Riclcr executed by Borrower and recorded with it.
Witnesses: r**~\
_,,,/
L.-.—-..L..F—....._.   :  (Seal)
IRVIN E. RO]£[SON Jlorrgwer
it  
._j.-.._..L.,...._..._.....  `(Seal)
IC *LL.E N. ROB JN .Bt,,-wwe,
_i_-..._....,...___._..___. (Seal) _______;______________________________ (Seal)
Borrower ~l3orrovi·er
 -.. .............. (SSRI) _ ...___.,_..,_____,__,____,_, (Seal)
-Borr0wer -Borrowei
—-»--—--~;.-.-.”~.»...~.......l—~,~ ($63l) _T_._.,........._.-.... (Seal)
·Borrower ·Uorrower
@{6/\IW/II t0012I.01 page 14 of 15 Form 3048 1/01
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII »-·· t ~ .· It
PQCOTI 06/23/20 ¤ ·
DT camo n•¤iri¤ crgauqzjap

STATE OF W SHIIQ TON } SS:
County of  (  
Ou this day persona ly appeared before me
_l,ri5iri C/» F10 www <+ ll/licliglln .l twvi
to me known to be thc individi i |(s) described in and who exe ed the within and foregoing instrument.
and acknowledged that he/.slt@@ signed thc same as tris/lrei‘@frcc and voluntary act and deed. for the
USGS alld [)Lll`p0SCS [1l€T€lI1 lllCIllt0HCd. """"`
GIVEN under my hand and otiicial seal this [   day of JU!/Zé;   .
‘  
TAMMV AUST \ /
NOTARY PUBLIC ` /
STATE OF WASHMGTOI ` -
  Notary Pu licinrmt|i`r·rtl1cS Leo ’ashingt<>n.rcsidit¤g at
  ‘ ,,` zmg/X -
{M “ "‘ My Appoin nent Exp res 0 é 4*  
TAMMY At t‘¤zT
· %]
E gg. l
@>.eAiwAi iooiziei page is or is som. 3048 mi
3 1 12994
Page: 15 of 18
oa/zaxzooa 02:53P
PAGCTI DT 80.00 Pacific Cc HQ

LOAN NO.. 227-938348
MIN: 1(lO].310-2270938348a7
(Assignment of Rents)
THIS l-4 FAMILY RIDER is made this 18TH day of JUNE, 2(DOB ,
and is incorporated into and shall be deemed to amend and supplement the Mortgage, Deed
of Trust, or Security Deed (the "Security Instrument") of the same date given by the
undersigned (the "Borrower") to secure Borrower's Note to AMERICAN MORTGAGE
NETWORK, INC. , A DELAWARE CORPORATION
(the
"Lender") of the same date and covering the Property described in the Security Instrument
and located at: 522 CLEVELAND AVE
RAYMOND, WA 98577
[Property Address]
1-4 FAMILY COVEIIIANTS. In addition to the covenants and agreements made in the
Security Instrument, Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows?
A. ADDITIONAL PROPERTY SUBJECT TO THE SECURITY INSTRUMENT. ln addition to
the Property described ln the Security Instrument, the following items now or hereafter
attached to the Property to the extent they are fixtures are added to the Property description,
and shall also constitute the Property covered by the Security Instrument; building materials.
appliances and goods of every nature whatsoever now or hereafter located in, ori, or used. or
intended to be used in connection with the Property. including, but not limited to, those for
the purposes of supplying or distributing heating, cooling, electricity, gas, water, air and light,
fire prevention and extinguishing apparatus, security and access control apparatus. plumbing,
bath tubs. water heaters, water closets, sinks, ranges, stoves. refrigerators, dishwashers.
disposals, washers, dryers. awnings, storm windows, storm doors, screens, blinds, shades.
curtains and curtain rods. attached mirrors, cabinets, paneling and attached floor coverings,
all of which, including replacements and additions thereto, shall be deemed to be and remain
a part of the Property covered by the Security Instrument. All of the foregoing together with
the Property described in the Security Instrument (or the leasehold estate if the Security
Instrument is on a leasehold) are referred to in this 1-4 Family Rider and the Security
Instrument tis the "Property."
B. USE OF PROPERTY; COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. Borrower shall not seek, agree to or
make a change in the use of the Property or its zoning classification, unless Lender has
agreed in writing to the change. Borrower shall comply with all laws, ordinances, regulations
and requirements of any governmental body applicable to the Property.
C. SUBORDINATE LIENS. Except as permitted by federal law, Borrower shall not allow
any lien inferior to the Security Instrument to be perfected against the Property without
Lender‘s prior written permission.
  RENT LOSS INSIJRANCE, Borrower shall maintain insurance against rent loss in
addition to the other hazards for whlch insurance is required by Section 5.
MULTISTATE 1- 4 FAMILY RIDER - Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT
Form 3170 ‘l/O1
Wolters Kluwer Financial Services
VMP @-57R (0411).01 ···¥r»\(> _
Page 1 of 3 j ·· _
4208*1*
llllllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllll »-·· = ·¤ ·· =~
08/23/2008 02:53P
PRCOTI DT 60.00 Paolflo Co. HQ

E. "BORROWER'S RIGHIT TO REINSTATE" DELETED. Section 19 is deleted.
F. ElC¤RROWER'S CJCCUPANCY. Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing.
Section 5 concerning Borrower’s occupancy of the Property is deleted.
G. ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES. Upon Lender's request after default, Borrower shell assign
to Lender all leases of the Property and all security deposits made in connection with leases
of the Property. Upon the assignment, Lender shall have the right to modify. extend or
terminate the existing leases and to execute new leases, in Lender's sole discretion. As used
in this paragraph G, the word "lease" shall mean "sub|ease" if the Security Instrument is on zi
leasehold.
H. ASSIGNMENT OF RIENTS; APPOINTMENT OF RECEIVER; LENDER IN POSSESSION.
Borrower absolutely and unconditionally assigns and transfers to Lender all the rents and
revenues ("Rents") of the Property, regardless of to whom the Rents of the Property are
payable. Borrower authorizes Lender or Lender's agents to collect the Rents, and agrees that
each tenant of the Property shall pay the Rents to Lender or Lender's agents, However,
Borrower shall receive the Rents until; li) Lender has given Borrower notice of default
pursuant to Section 22 of the Security Instrument, and (ii) Lender has given notice to the
tenantls) that the Rents are to be paid to Lender or Lender's agent. This assignment of Rents
constitutes. an absolute assignment and not an assignment for additional security only.
If Lender gives notice of default to Borrower: (i) all Rents received by Borrower shall be
held by Borrower as trustee for the benefit of Lender only, to be appIie·:l to the sums secured
by the Security Instrument; lii) Lender shall be entitled to collect and receive all of the Rents
of the Property; (iii) Borrower agre·es that each tenant of the Property shall pay all Rents due
and unpeicl to Lender or Lender's agents upon Lender's written demand to the tenant; liv)
unless applicable law provides otherwise, all Rents collected by Lender or Lender's agents
shall be applied first to the costs of taking control of and managing the Property and
collecting the Rents, including, but not limited to, attorney's fees, receiver‘s fees, premiums
on receiver‘s bonds, repair and maintenance costs, insurance premiums. taxes, assessments
and other charges on the Property, and then to the sums secured by the Security Instrument;
(v) Lender, Lender's agents or any judicially appointed receiver shall be liable to account for
only those Rents actually received; and (vi) Lender shall be entitled to have a receiver
appointed to take possession of and manage the Property and collect the Rents and profits
derived from the Property without any showing as to the inadequacy of the Property as
security.
If the Rents of the Property are not sufficient to cover the costs of taking control of and
managing the Property and of collecting the Rents any funds expended by Lender for such
purposes shall become indebtedness of Borrower to Lender secured by the Security
Instrument pursuant to Section 9.
Borrower represents and warrants that Borrower has not executed any prior assignment
of the Rents and has not performed, and will not perform, any act that would prevent l.ender
from exercising its rights under this paragraph.
Lender, or Lender's agents or a judicially appointed receiver, shall not be required to enter
upon, take control of or maintain the Property before or after giving notice of default to
Borrower. I—|owever, Lender, or Lender's agents or a judicially appointed receiver, may do so
at any time when a default occurs. Any application of Rents shall not cure or waive any
default or invalidate any other right or remedy of Lender. This assignment of Rents of the
Property shall terminate when all the sums secured by the Security Instrument are paid in full.
I. CROSS—DEFAULT PROVISION. Borrower’s default or breach under any note or
agreement in which Lender has an interest shall be a breach under the Security Instrument
and Lender may invoke any of the remedies permitted by the Security Instrument.
rn?- ~   
VMP @-57R (0411).01 Page 2 of 3 &V orm 31701/01
31 1 2994
lllllllIllllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll »-·· i ~ ·· ~
06/23/2008 02:5:-IP
PRCOTI DT 80.00 Pacific Cc. HQ

LOAN NO 227-·9E-8348
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees tc the terms and covenants contained
in this 1—·4 Family Rider,
T? l cig
_.___-..._..___—,..__..__._ (Seal)   ~ .._"‘—~—_.;_,___(Sea|I
·Borrower IRVIN E. ROBISON —B<>rrovver
`\
,9 ~ (I I
. , , ..2
.._.____._—_._,____._,_..__.__,_ (Seal) [ · A {   (Seal)
—B0rr0wer MI HELLE N. ROB C JN -B0rr0wer
._______________________________ (Seal) __..__________________________ (Seal)
-Borrower -Borr0wer
.—..__,__.._.—_______,,_,..______ (Seal) ____________________,_,____ (Seal)
Borrower —Borrower
VMP ®-57R (0411).01 Page 3 of 3 Form 31701/01
I III IIIII III IIII III Il/I IIIII II IIIII II III ?“ *299*
¤§•= 18 of 18
P 0 .
mm DT acm pfgizzgaqaugzsap

